Pokemon Fire Ash Walkthrough 
Accurate up to version 3.5.1

NOTES:
Some of the information in this walkthrough may be incorrect; I will correct this ASAP.
You can help out with that by DMing me on Discord (luc_ker) if there is anything wrong with the walkthrough.
As a side note, I (Luc-ker) didn’t write most of this walkthrough - the credit for that goes to Marek14, Abssamanta and Ebrethil.
A more up-to-date version of the walkthrough can probably be found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EuiAj4UKpi1bM5CFi2zNAVmtvbgOswq5Oe5Mrwj8XM4/edit?usp=sharing

------------------------------
GENERATION 1: THE KANTO REGION
------------------------------

------------
PALLET TOWN:
------------
Take out a Potion from your computer, then head downstairs. Leave the house, and head east towards Professor Oak's Lab. Near the middle of the bottom row of houses is a Pidgey that’ll give you a Rawst Berry. Continuing on, talk to Gary who blocks the way to the Lab and listen to him brag about getting the best Pokémon... jerk.

Go up the stairs and grab a Potion in the upper left part of the ledge before entering the lab.

Enter Oak's Lab. The machine in the middle of the room will heal your party. Go up to the 2nd floor and talk to Professor Oak. He tells you that all the Pokémon have been taken except for one, your ICONIC Pikachu.

Take the Pokeball with the ICONIC Pikachu, though he won't be spending much time in the Pokeball from now on. Grab Pikachu off the table. Upon doing so, you'll get your first outfit. Grab the Pokedex and the five Pokeballs on your way out.

If you go to the house to the right of the house you first came out of, you can talk to the girl to get a Town Map, which currently only has maps until the Alola Region.

South of your house is a guy who tells you that the Speed Up key is F7 and the Quick Save Button is left Alt by default. These can be changed through a menu which can be accessed by pressing F1.

Leave Pallet Town to the west, where you'll find your mom waiting for you. She'll give you the Running Shoes and wish you luck on your journey.

--------
ROUTE 1:
--------
Wild Pokémon (a * before name means that this is your first chance to get that Pokémon. I will only put them next to unevolved Pokémon): *Pidgey, *Spearow, *Rattata, *Poliwag, *Sandshrew, *Mankey. Usual level 2-5.

Ho-oh also appears here, but it has a 1% encounter rate AND it is level 50. You should wait to grow stronger before attempting to catch it, but it's technically possible even now.

Talk to the second person you see to get a Super Potion. There is also a Rare Candy hidden in a bush on the right side of the route across the bridge.

Go north to Viridian City.

--------------
VIRIDIAN CITY:
--------------
Go to the west, then north to get a Pokeball. Guarding the Pokéball is a Move Tutor who can teach your Pokémon the move Snore. Note that the item behind the Gym can't be obtained at this time.

SE of the Pokémon Centre is a guy who will tell you about how trade evolutions work in Fire Ash.

Team Rocket (will be abbreviated TR from now on) is in the Pokémon Centre. You must defeat them to unlock the north exit from the city.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Ekans LV 4
Koffing LV 4

In every Pokémon Centre, there’s also now a person in the top left corner who allows you to initiate Wonder Trades!

The pokemart sells:
Poke Ball - 200
Potion - 300

Defeating them also means that your mom, back in Pallet Town, will heal your party when you talk to her from now on.

The path west (Route 22) is blocked until you get 8 badges, so go north.

----------------
VIRIDIAN FOREST:
----------------
Wild Pokémon: *Caterpie, *Weedle, Kakuna, Beedrill, Pidgey, Pidgeotto, Spearow, rarely Fearow. Usual level 3-5.

Upon entering, head left to find an ICONIC LV 4 Caterpie. It's the first of the many ICONIC Pokémon that you'll receive as a gift during your travels. From there, head east then north to find an ICONIC LV 7 Pidgeotto.
There are 4 trainers in the Forest.
Bug Catcher Rick
Caterpie LV 6
Weedle LV 6

Bug Catcher Anthony
Caterpie LV 7
Caterpie LV 8

Bug Catcher Doug
Weedle LV 7

MINOR ICONIC
Bug Catcher Samurai
Pinsir LV 7
Metapod LV 7

Items:
Antidote: In tall grass in SW part of the forest.
Pokeball: Hidden in the NW corner of the glade when you enter the forest (almost directly NW from your starting position, in the corner). The way to pick hidden items in this game might be worth mentioning here. You must step next to the target tile, turn towards the target tile, and press the action button.
Antidote: In tall grass in the SE part of the forest.
Potion: In the NW part of the forest.

Exit north.

---------------------
ROUTE 2 (North Side):
---------------------
Continue north to Pewter City. You can’t use HMs outside of battle in the game (apart from Fly), so you won’t be able to access the house behind the cut tree.

------------
PEWTER CITY:
------------
Immediately go around the trees on your right and back south to Route 2 to grab TM54 (False Swipe).

South of the gym is a Stantler that gives you Protective Pads.

Towards the top of the city you'll find the Pewter Museum of Science. It has two Fossil Revivers who can revive fossils for you. Outside, you’ll also find a move tutor for Iron Defence.

In the NW corner of the city, there's a Pokeball hidden on the 2nd tile from the top. Note that there is a slight discoloration in the tile. Many hidden items have similar tile discolorations.

Gym: 1 trainer + Brock.
Camper Liam
Rhyhorn LV 7
Geodude LV 7

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BROCK (2v2)
Geodude LV 8
Onix LV 9

Having a Butterfree makes the gym battle much easier - it's pretty strong, and despite its 4 times weakness to rock type attacks, Brock's team has none of those yet.
Defeating Brock gets you a Boulder Badge and TM80 (Rock Slide).

As an alternative to using Fly, Fire Ash uses a system where you can teleport to places you have been to, provided that there's a Pokémon Centre there and that certain conditions have been fulfilled, e.g. defeating the gym leader of the place. For now, you can teleport from Pewter City to Viridian City, which marks the start of the Kanto Teleport System (since Brock was defeated).

If you go inside the house in the NW part of the city, you will find Brock's younger siblings. In the NW corner is the eldest sibling, Forrest. Talk to him to obtain TM37 (Sandstorm).

You now have 1 badge, which means that Pokemarts expand their inventory. Their inventory now is:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Awakening - 250
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350

Also, you can go back to your room and there’ll be two drawers (which I’ll now refer to as “Cap Drawers”) on the right side of the room. If you interact with the left one you can now put the “Original Cap” on Pikachu.

Leave to the east.

--------
ROUTE 3:
--------
Wild Pokémon: Pidgey, Spearow, *Jigglypuff, *Nidoran♂, *Nidoran♀, Mankey, rarely *Ekans. Usual level 3-8.
This is your first chance to obtain Ekans, however it only has a 1% encounter rate. There will be better chances later if you don't want to spend a lot of time searching for it now.

There are 8 Trainers on this Route.
Bug Trainer Colton
Caterpie LV 10 x2
Weedle LV 10

Lass Janice
Pidgey LV 9 x2

Youngster Joey
Rattata LV 11
Ekans LV 11

Bug Catcher Greg
Caterpie LV 9
Weedle LV 9
Kakuna LV 9
Metapod LV 9

Youngster Calvin
Spearow LV 14

Lass Sally
Rattata LV 10
Oddish LV 10

Youngster James
Butterfree LV 12

Lass Robin
Jigglypuff LV 14

Items:
Oran Berry: In the second patch of tall grass, around the middle of the route.
Repel: Hidden in a boulder on top of a small plateau with stairs leading to it.
Ultra Ball: On the mountainside right next to the Mt. Moon entrance. stand next to the mountain between the cave entrance and the boulder and face north. 

The guy close to the end of the route sells Repels.
Enter Mt. Moon.

---------
MT. MOON:
---------
Wild Pokémon: *Zubat, *Clefairy, Clefable, and *Paras appear on both floors. *Geodude appears only on the upper floor, while Sandshrew only appears on the lower floor. Usual level is 5-10.

Start by going to the left to fight a trainer and grab a Nugget.
Bug Catcher Kent
Weedle LV 11
Kakuna LV 11

Then take the ladder down; you'll get to an enclosed chamber with a trainer and two items: An Antidote to the left and a Revive to the right.
Hiker Marcus
Onix LV 12

On the upper floor, go north and east from the ladder. The correct route is north and west, but explore the SE part of the floor for some goodies: there are 2 trainers in this section (one on the left, one on the right) and 2 items: TM46 (Thief) on the left and a hidden Ether; there is a formation of 3 rocks in the SE corner of the floor; the Ether is in the middle rock.
Super Nerd Jovan
Magnemite LV 11
Voltorb LV 11

Bug Catcher Robby
Caterpie LV 10 x2
Metapod LV 10

Going along the correct route, you will find another trainer.
Lass Iris
Clefairy LV 14

Turn the corner to head south and find another ladder leading down to a room. Before heading down, grab the Revive in the SW corner of this room. Take the ladder.

From where you appear on the lower floor, go north. There are three rocks in the northern part of this room; the one on the right hides a Moon Stone.

There's a trainer directly below the ladder.
Youngster Josh
Rattata LV 10 x2
Zubat LV 10

After him you'll come to two sets of stairs. The stairs on the left lead to a guy who gives you TM08 (Bulk Up). There is an Escape Rope north of him. The stairs on the right lead you around the floor, past 2 other trainers, to the ladder up.
Lass Miriam
Oddish LV 11
Bellsprout LV 11

Super Nerd Miguel
Grimer LV 10 x2
Voltorb LV 10

There is a hiker by the exit, but you don't battle him. Before you take the ladder out, there is another Ether, hidden in an empty spot in the middle of the NW rock formation.

Once you take the ladder, go west and exit the cave.

--------
ROUTE 4:
--------
Nothing to do here right now. Exit east.

--------------
CERULEAN CITY:
--------------
Weather forecast: Very rarely Stormy
Talk to the pink-haired girl to obtain an Eviolite.

Go to the NW house and leave through the back door. There's a Rare Candy hidden in the garden behind the house; it's in the top row, on the left empty tile between two blue flowers.

The house next to the Pokémon Centre has an old man who will trade you his Tangela for your Rattata.

The house north of the Gym has a guy who will give you TM27 (Return).

The Gym has 2 trainers plus Misty. 
Swimmer Luis
Horsea LV 16
Shellder LV 16

Picnicker Diana
Goldeen LV 19

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER MISTY (2v2)
Staryu LV 17
Starmie LV 16

Defeating Misty gets you the Cascade Badge and TM55 (Scald). Cerulean City is now added to the Kanto Teleport System.

Go south. You will have to take the long way around behind the gym because there's a tree in your way.

--------
ROUTE 5:
--------
Wild Pokémon: Pidgey, *Meowth, *Oddish. Level 10-16.

Route 5 can be entered from the left, right, or centre. Wild Pokémon are only on the middle route. There's also one trainer, the unofficial Gym Leader AJ, with his Sandshrew.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster AJ
Sandshrew LV 16

At the south end of this part is the Day Care Centre to raise and breed your Pokémon. The important thing to note is that in order to pick up Pokémon you leave there or an egg (the old man outside will give you an egg, when one is generated) you must have an empty spot in your party. There is a PC inside.

This is your first chance to obtain a Cleffa or Igglybuff by breeding Clefairy or Jigglypuff respectively. Female Clefairy and Jigglypuff can be caught in Mt Moon or on Route 3, respectively, if you only have male ones. At this point you only have one Pikachu and he's always a guy, so you won't be able to obtain a Pichu until you get a Ditto.
That being said, you can get your Pichu to be born with Volt Tackle if the Pikachu is holding a Light Ball, which you will get later, so I'd suggest waiting a bit in any case.

On the west side of the route, there is a gap in the fence. Go through it, then south and east along the fence to obtain a Revive at the end of the path.

The gatehouse is impassable for now, so go through the trees beyond the gap in the fence to enter Hidden Village.

---------------
HIDDEN VILLAGE:
---------------
Wild Pokémon: Rattata, Paras, Oddish, Weepinbell, Caterpie, *Staryu, *Magikarp. Usual level 10-15.
This is your first chance to get a Weepinbell, the evolved form of Bellsprout. Bellsprout can be caught a bit further into the game.

Hidden Village is one long, winding path and you'll have to go through a lot of grass patches, so be prepared. There is only one visible item (Big Root) which is around the middle of the path -- you can't really miss it. However, there are also 4 hidden items:

1: After the first patch of grass, you will see two red flowers on opposite vertices of a 3x5 rectangle. A Sitrus Berry is hidden in the centre of this rectangle.
2: The second patch of grass is out of the way so you don't have to go through it. You DO have to go through the third patch. North of this patch are two red flowers. Three tiles west and one tile north from the top flower is a Leppa Berry.
3: The fourth patch of tall grass is the largest one and it covers most of the bottom part of the path. Hug the northern edge of the path. You'll go through two tall grass tiles, and then there are three empty tiles. A Lum Berry is hidden on the left empty tile.
4: After leaving the fourth patch, you'll enter the final area of Hidden Village. From the SW red flower, a Chesto Berry is two tiles east and three tiles north.

At the end of the village is Melanie (from the anime) and an ICONIC LV 12 Bulbasaur.

After getting Bulbasaur, go east into the trees to Route 24. Be sure to grab the Everstone on the way out.

---------
ROUTE 24:
---------
Weather forecast: Sometimes rainy
Wild Pokémon: Pidgey, Caterpie, Oddish, *Venonat, Weedle, Metapod, Kakuna, *Abra, *Bellsprout, Pidgeotto. Usual level 7-14.
Abra is very rare to find here with a 2% chance of showing up; there will be easier places to find it later if the 2% is too low for you.

There are 8 trainers.
Bug Catcher Cale
Beedrill LV 14
Butterfree LV 14
Paras LV 14
Metapod LV 15

Lass Ali
Pidgey LV 13
Bellsprout LV 13
Oddish LV 13

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Joe
Weepinbell LV 17

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Giselle 
Graveler LV 16
Cubone LV 16

Camper Ethan
Mankey LV 18

Youngster Kutz
Jynx LV 2

Camper Ricky
Raticate LV 14
Ekans LV 14

Picnicker Isabelle
Oddish LV 16 x2
Oddish LV 18

Enter the Pokémon Centre and talk to the guy on the right (Damien). He'll tell you he ditched his Charmander. Well, one man's trash...

Leave the Pokémon Centre and go east. There's an ICONIC LV 15 Charmander on the rock. If you’ve talked to his former trainer, you can take him. Once you have him, return to the Pokémon Centre and talk to the guy on the left to obtain a Charcoal.

In previous versions, to obtain a TM later, you needed a Charizard, however this is no longer the case.

Go south.

---------
ROUTE 25:
---------
Route 25 has several parts. We can't enter the southern part right now so we can't fight wild Pokémon. You'll have to resolve the problem with the Squirtle Squad from the anime.

Enter the top left house to encounter TR once again.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Ekans LV 18
Koffing LV 18

After defeating them, talk to the ICONIC LV 15 Squirtle and take him with you. Once you have Squirtle, talk to the cop outside to get Black Glasses, which means that you have 2 pairs of them, since Squirtle holds one as well. You can now go through the southern part of the route.

Wild Pokémon: Pidgey, Meowth, Oddish, Bellsprout. Usual level 10-15.
Fishing (Old Rod): Krabby. Level 15 - 22
Fishing (Good Rod): Krabby Level 15 - 22, Dragonite Level 20 - 22
Fishing (Super Rod): Krabby Level 25 - 32, Dragonite Level 30 - 22

There are 6 trainers in this part, including a pair of double trainers.
Bug Catcher Keigo
Weedle LV 17
Beedrill LV 17
Kakuna LV 17

Picnicker Nancy
Spearow LV 16
Pidgey LV 16

Camper Jeff
Rattata LV 16
Pikachu LV 16

Bug Catcher Elijah
Butterfree LV 20

Cool Couple Alice & Bob (Double Battle)
Eevee LV 19
Squirtle LV 19

In the very NW corner of this part, you can find a hidden Ether.

After you pass the part with tall grass, you'll see a lighthouse. Enter it and talk to the Pokémon inside. It's actually Bill. Agree to help him and he will give you the Old Rod. Talk to Bill again and the "Someone's PC" where you store your Pokémon will be renamed to "Bill's PC".

Also, be sure to access the PC in Bill's lighthouse. Doing so will greatly expand your PC boxes, up to a total of 56 boxes, each with a capacity of 30 Pokémon. That means that you can store a total of 1,680 Pokémon!

With the Old Rod, you can now start fishing. Unfortunately, all places where you've been so far only have Magikarp and Poliwag available with Old Rod. You can still grab them if you haven't got them yet.

However, Route 25 itself is special. There are two new Pokémon that appear here in the water. One is Krabby, which you can get even with the Old Rod from level 15 to 22. However the other Pokémon is in fact, a Dragonite, the pseudo-legendary of the Kanto region. It has a 20% chance to appear with a Good Rod, but you don't get one until Hoenn, and by then, you could have a LV 55+ Dragonite (if you evolve a Dragonair).

Catch a Krabby if you want and go south. There is also an ICONIC LV 15 Krabby directly south of the lighthouse if you want to save time.

---------------
VERMILION CITY:
---------------
Go east where a sailor and his Machop are. Directly south of the plot of land is TM111 (Dazzling Gleam).

The orange-roofed house in the middle row (west of Pokemart) has a kid who will trade his Farfetch'd for your Spearow.

Next to this house is the Pokémon Fan Club. Talk to the old man and agree to listen to him ramble about his Fearow to get a Bicycle.

The eastern path that leads out of town has a move tutor that will teach your Pokémon Super Fang.

Brock is in front of the gym and you must defeat him again to enter the gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Breeder Brock
Onix LV 20
Geodude LV 19
Zubat LV 18

Gym contains 3 trainers + Lt. Surge.
Engineer Baily
Voltorb LV 19
Magnemite LV 19

Sailor Dwayne
Pikachu LV 20 x2

Gentleman Tucker
Electabuzz LV 20

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER LT. SURGE (1v1)
Raichu LV 20

In order to get to Lt. Surge, you will need to find two switches hidden in the trash cans. Both of them are in the top row: the one on the left end and the third one from the right.

Defeating Lt. Surge nets you the Thunder Badge and TM24 (Thunderbolt). It will also allow you to obtain a Light Ball from the lady in Pokémon Fan Club. And as before, Vermilion City is added to the Kanto Teleport System (like Pewter and Cerulean City).

Another benefit of defeating Lt. Surge is that a small tree in Cerulean City will be finally cut, making travel between Cerulean City and Route 5 much easier.

Now that you have 3 badges, the Pokemart's inventory updates again:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Awakening - 250
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500

The way east from the city is blocked by a sailor. To get past him, you must go on the S.S. Anne cruise ship. The S.S. Anne is at the right of the 3 docks in Vermilion City.

----------
S.S. ANNE:
----------
This is a big ship with four floors. You start on 1F. 1F has a row of cabins. Your cabin is the second one from the right and it contains a bed where you can heal your party and a PC. The rest of the ship is basically lots and lots of trainers.

Cabins on 1F, from left to right:

First cabin: Trainer.
Lass Ann
Pidgeotto LV 18
Nidoran♀ LV 18

Second cabin: Trainer.
Youngster Tyler
Doduo LV 20

Third cabin: Just a guy to talk to.
Fourth cabin: Trainer.
Gentleman Thomas
Growlithe LV 20 x2 (2nd one is shiny)

Fifth cabin: Just people.
Sixth cabin: Just a biker.
Seventh cabin: Your cabin.

Eighth cabin: Trainer.
Gentleman Arthur
Nidoran♂ LV 19 x2
Nidoran♀ LV 19

Apart from cabins, there's a fisherman who offers you a “super-rare Pokémon” (which is actually a level 15 Magikarp). I guess that’s a rip-off?

If you go left and down, you get to the kitchen. There are three trash cans on the right side of the room, and each of them hides an item. From top to bottom: Pecha Berry, Cheri Berry, Chesto Berry.

2F, accessible through the stairs in the upper-left corner of 1F, has five more rooms. All of them, except for the leftmost one, have a trainer to fight (the second room from the left and the rightmost room have two).
Gentleman Brooks
Pikachu LV 23

Gentleman Lamar
Growlithe LV 20
Ponyta LV 20

Lass Dawn
Rattata LV 19
Bulbasaur LV 19

Fisherman Dale
Goldeen LV 17 x2
Psyduck LV 17

Sailor Leonard
Shellder LV 21

Sailor Duncan
Horsea LV 19
Tentacool LV 19
Shellder LV 19

The rightmost room also contains TM44 (Rest).

The stairs at the lower left corner lead to the deck. There is another trainer there (the Gentleman on the left).
MINOR ICONIC:
Gentleman Gentleman
Raticate LV 23

After you beat him, he offers to trade his Raticate for your Butterfree. You can actually talk to him again after that and trade them back, just like in the anime.

The last floor is B1F which is accessed through stairs in the bottom-right corner of 1F. First of all, grab the Hyper Potion that is hidden in the trash can next to the stairs. Then start checking the rooms.

This floor has five rooms. First four rooms from the right (where you enter the floor) contain one normal trainer each.
Fisherman Barney
Tentacool LV 18
Staryu LV 18
Shellder LV 18

Sailor Phillip
Machop LV 22

Sailor Huey
Tentacool LV 18
Staryu LV 18

Sailor Dylan
Horsea LV 19 x3

However, the fifth, leftmost room contains TR! And you get into a fight the moment you enter the door! Surprise!
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Ekans LV 19
Koffing LV 19
Magikarp LV 15

When you beat TR, the sinister plan is put into motion. Various sailors you've seen standing in the corridors suddenly change into TR members who will fight you. You’ll have to make your way to the captain's cabin.

There are 3 TR members on B1F (you'll have to beat all of them to get back to the stairs).
TR Jovan
Zubat LV 20
Ekans LV 20

TR Robby
Rattata LV 19
Sandshrew LV 19

TR Iris
Drowzee LV 21

4 members on 1F.
TR Miriam
Ekans LV 20
Zubat LV 20
Machop LV 20

TR Josh
Zubat LV 20 x3

TR Kent
Sandshrew LV 20
Rattata LV 20
Zubat LV 20

TR Jose
Koffing LV 21
Zubat LV 21

There are 5 members on 2F.
TR Jerry
Koffing LV 24

TR Beau
Zubat LV 10
Zubat LV 14
Zubat LV 18
Zubat LV 23

TR Dalton
Voltorb LV 20
Koffing LV 20

TR Rodney
Rattata LV 20
Machop LV 20

TR Taylor
Zubat LV 25

There are also 2 members on the deck.
TR Connor
Drowzee LV 20
Ekans LV 20

TR Kutz
Magikarp LV 10 x2

In addition, the sailor who blocked the way to the stairs in the top-right corner of 2F is now gone, letting you enter the captain's cabin. However, once you go to the captain's cabin, you can't leave until you fight the boss, so do everything else you want first!

There's two TR members in the captain's cabin, but one of them is just there to block the stairs. The other one, at the top of the room, is the one you have to fight.
TR Admin
Drowzee LV 24
Golbat LV 24

Once you defeat him, he disappears. Talk to the captain and you'll end up back in Vermilion City. The sailor on the eastern side will now let you pass.

---------
ROUTE 11:
---------
Weather forecast: Very rarely sunny
Wild Pokémon: Sandshrew, *Drowzee, Spearow, Ekans. Level 15-18.
You could have caught an Ekans on Route 3 before, but there are much better chances to find them here.

There are 3 trainers here to fight. 
Youngster Eddie
Ekans LV 21

Youngster Dave
Nidoran♂ LV 19
Nidorino LV 19

Youngster Dillon
Oddish LV 20
Bellsprout LV 20

TM09 (Venoshock) is available in plain sight, but there's one more item: The boulder next to the house at the northern end contains an Escape Rope.

On the eastern side of this Route, there's the Butterfree mating season. Five people watch them.

Second one from top lets you release a Butterfree if you have one.

Fourth one will give you a free Great Ball.

Fifth one is a trainer to fight.
Bug Catcher Yasu
Butterfree LV 27

When you're done here, enter the house and go through the Underground Path. It's entirely uneventful, so I'm not even going to give it its own section.

--------
ROUTE 8:
--------
Weather forecast: Very rarely sunny
Wild Pokémon: Pidgey, Meowth, Sandshrew, Ekans, *Vulpix, *Growlithe

All tall grass is in a fairly small fenced area in the middle of the Route. This patch has one visible item, TM20 (Safeguard), along the south edge, and three hidden items:

1: Rawst Berry -- two tiles west and three tiles north from the TM20.
2: Lum Berry -- one row above Rawst Berry, three tiles west from the eastern fence.
3: Lepa Berry -- in the same column as Rawst Berry, three tiles south from the northern fence.

There are 13 trainers on this route, including a pair of Double Trainers.
Gambler Rich
Growlithe LV 24
Vulpix LV 24

Super Nerd Aidan
Voltorb LV 20 x2
Koffing LV 20
Magnemite LV 20

Biker Ricardo
Koffing LV 22 x2
Grimer LV 23

Biker Jaren
Grimer LV 24 x2

Lass Andrea
Meowth LV 24 x3

Lass Megan
Pidgey LV 19
Rattata LV 19
Alolan Meowth LV 19
Nidoran♂ LV 19
Pikachu LV 19

Super Nerd Leslie
Koffing LV 26

Lass Paige
Nidoran♀ LV 23
Nidorina LV 23

Twins Eli & Anne (Double Battle)
Clefairy LV 22
Jigglypuff LV 22

Super Nerd Glenn
Grimer LV 22 x2
Muk LV 22

Gambler Rich
Growlithe LV 24
Vulpix LV 24

Lass Julia
Clefairy LV 22 x2

Route 8 connects Lavender Town (east) and Saffron City (west). You have to go through a gate house to get to Saffron City, but the guard will let you go through, unlike the one at Route 5.

For now, backtrack along Route 8 and go to Saffron City.

-------------
SAFFRON CITY:
-------------
This is the largest place we’ve found yet! Let's have a look around!

Interesting places:
House in NW corner: On the upper floor, you'll find a girl who can teach Role Play to Pokémon. Underneath the table to her left, you can find a Nugget which you can steal from her.
House in SE corner: Talk to the man here to get TM29 (Psychic).
Silph Co. (the tall building in the centre of the city): Talk to the receptionist to get TM90 (Substitute). Also, grab a Master Ball in the middle of the room.

A little south of the NW house with the Role Play move tutor is a Growlithe that’ll give you a Rare Bone.

The Gym contains 9 rooms in a 3x3 grid. Let's number them from 1 to 9 so the NW room is 1, north room is 2, west room is 4, etc.

Each room contains a trainer except for room 8 (which is the entrance). Sabrina is in the central room (room 5). All other rooms contain 4 teleporters, which are placed roughly in the corners. Teleporters are connected in pairs (stepping on a teleporter always moves you to the paired teleporter).

Room 1 (NW) - NW -> 3/SW; NE -> 2/NE; SW -> 5/E; SE -> 4/SW
Psychic Preston
Slowbro LV 27

Room 2 (north) - NW -> 6/SW; NE -> 1/NE; SW -> 4/NE; SE -> 7/SW
Channeler Tasha
Gastly LV 26 x2
Hauntar LV 26

Room 3 (NE) - NW -> 6/NW; NE -> 9/NW; SW -> 1/NW; SE -> 7/NW
Psychic Johan
Kadabra LV 27 x2
Slowpoke LV 27
Mr. Mime LV 27

Room 4 (west) - NW -> 6/SE; NE -> 2/SW; SW -> 1/SE; SE -> 7/SE
Channeler Amanda
Gastly LV 25
Hauntar LV 25

Room 5 (centre, Sabrina) - W -> 8 (one-way); E -> 1/SW
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER SABRINA Round 1 (1v1)
Abra LV 28

Room 6 (east) - NW -> 3/NW ; NE -> 9/NE ; SW -> 2/NW ; SE -> 4/NW
Psychic Tyron 
Mr Mime LV 27
Kadabra LV 27

Room 7 (SW) - NW -> 3/SE; NE -> 9/SW; SW -> 2/SE; SE -> 4/SE
Channeler Stacy
Haunter LV 27

Room 8 (south, entrance) - only contains one teleporter, connected to the SE teleporter in Room 9.

Room 9 (SE) - NW -> 3/NE; NE -> 6/NE; SW -> 7/NE; SE -> 8
Psychic Cameron
Slowpoke LV 26 x2
Slowbro LV 26

So room 9 can be reached with a single teleport, rooms 3, 6, and 7 with two, rooms 1, 2, and 4 with three and central room 5 requires 4 teleports.

Unfortunately, when you defeat Sabrina, she won't give you the badge -- instead she gives you a new task: Beat Pokémon Tower in Lavender Town. Go through Route 8 to get there.

--------------
LAVENDER TOWN:
--------------
Weather forecast: Often Foggy
If you went here before, you'd find that the entrance to Pokémon Tower is blocked by a person who warns you away. She'll be gone now.

Three houses can be entered. The SE house contains a Name Rater who can change the nicknames of your Pokémon.

Enter Pokémon Tower.

--------------
POKÉMON TOWER:
--------------
The first two floors have no wild Pokémon. Only from the 3rd floor up will you start to encounter wild Pokémon. There’ll also be fog.

1F: A Move Tutor for Worry Seed.
2F: Nothing of importance.

Wild Pokémon (3F-6F): *Gastly, Haunter, Gengar. Level 25 or 28.

3F: 3 trainers and Escape Rope.
Channeler Hope
Gastly LV 23

Channeler Patricia
Gastly LV 26

Channeler Carly
Gastly LV 24

4F: 3 trainers and 4 items, all visible:
Channeler Laurel
Gastly LV 25 x2

Channeler Jody
Gastly LV 24

Channeler Paula
Gastly LV 26

Awakening: Near the centre of the floor.
Great Ball: In dead end, close to Awakening.
HP Up: In the south part of the floor.
Elixir: Near the stairs to 5F.

5F: 3 trainers and 3 items:
Channeler Janae
Gastly LV 25

Channeler Ruth
Gastly LV 25

Channeler Tammy
Haunter LV 25

Nugget: In the south part of the floor.
Cleanse Tag: Near the centre.
Heart Scale: Go to the north end of the floor and then to the west. Heart Scale is hidden on the last tile in the dead end.

There is a mystical diagram in the centre of the floor. When you enter the centre of it, it will heal your party.

6F: 3 trainers and 2 items:
Channeler Angelica
Gastly LV 25 x3

Channeler Jennifer
Gastly LV 25

Channeler Emilia
Gastly LV 26

X Accuracy: In the eastern part of the floor.
Rare Candy: In the SW part of the floor.

7F: No random encounters, just the boss of the tower, Karina.
Channeler Karina
Gengar LV 27

Once you defeat her, she will give you TM121 (Shadow Punch).

Now you can go back to the Saffron City Gym and defeat Sabrina again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER SABRINA round 2 (1v1)
Kadabra LV 29

You'll get the Marsh Badge and TM04 (Calm Mind). This will also add both Saffron City and Lavender Town to the Kanto teleport system.

In addition, the other gates from Saffron City can now be passed. Route 5 lies to the north and Route 24 to the south. West is Route 7 -- a new destination.

--------
ROUTE 7:
--------
Wild Pokémon: Mankey, Primeape, Vulpix, Meowth, Pidgey, Oddish, Bellsprout, Growlithe. Level 25-27.

At the top of this section there is an ICONIC LV 26 Primeape to grab.

Misty appears in the middle of this route and you have to defeat her again. Continue west to Celadon City.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Misty
Goldeen LV 28
Staryu LV 31
Starmie LV 28
Horsea LV 25

-------------
CELADON CITY:
-------------
Gary blocks the door to the Pokémon Centre. Talk to him and listen to him brag a bit to get him to leave.

In the top row of houses, there is an Eevee between two of them. Speak to it to have it join your team. This one is special, as it has its Hidden Ability. Directly behind it is a lone tree. You can find a PP Up in there. 

Beside the Pokémon Centre, there is a Biker that will teach your Pokémon the move Covet.

In the SE area, a guy will give you TM21 (Frustration). You can also find an Ether if you follow the southern fence west.

In the row of 5 houses, go to the second one from the left. Talk to the man in the top right corner to receive the Coin Case. Around here is also a Chansey that’ll give you a Lucky Punch.

In the game corner, there is an attendant that will let you buy coins.

Next to the Game Corner, you can exchange your coins for prizes. The attendant on the left will let you exchange coins for items:
Smoke Ball - 800 coins
Miracle Seed - 1000 coins
Charcoal - 1000 coins
Mystic Water - 1000 coins
Yellow Flute - 1600 coins

The attendant on the right will let you exchange coins for Pokémon:
Abra - 180 coins
Clefairy - 500 coins
*Dratini - 2800 coins
*Scyther - 5500 coins
*Porygon - 9999 coins

Note that both Dratini and Scyther can be found in Safari Zone, which you'll reach quite soon. If you want to limit your coin grinding, you can just get a Porygon, but you won’t even need to grind for Porygon if you don’t mind waiting quite a bit for it..

Coins can be won in slots or in the Voltorb Flip game. Voltorb Flip is better (doesn't cost anything to play so you can't lose), but to get better payouts, you must win multiple games in a row. http://www.voltorbflip.com/ has an application that solves the game for you, but since there can be multiple solutions, it can just lead you to make the LEAST risky moves, but not eliminate the risk entirely; thus, reaching high levels with high payouts is hard even with this -- especially since your game level can randomly drop when you lose. Also remember that if you stop playing, you'll have to start over from Lv. 1 next time.
Triple Triad:
The top right part of the Game Corner is dedicated to Triple Triad (originally from Final Fantasy VIII). There are four card players on the right and the guy behind the desk lets you buy or sell cards. Note the bottom card player. If you beat her, you get 1 Arceus Card, which you can then use to beat her again over and over. In doing so, you can gain an excess amount of Arceus Cards which can then be sold for 400 pokedollars for more money, if you need it. You can only buy cards for Pokémon you already own.

Person in the top left deals with a Lottery where you can win prizes if you have a Pokémon with an original Trainer ID corresponding to the lucky number. You can win:
Ultra Ball for matching the last digit.
PP Up for matching the last 2 digits.
Exp. Share for matching the last 3 digits.
Max Revive for matching the last 4 digits.
Master Ball for matching all 5 digits.

In the NW corner is a big building with two entrances - the Celadon Department Store. Outside it is a girl running around in circles, with a Koffing near her that’ll give you a Toxic Orb. In the Department Store, there are two ways to travel between floors, through stairs or the elevator.

2F: Top cashier sells:
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Awakening - 250
Full Heal - 600

Bottom cashier sells: 
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500
Max Repel - 700

3F: The girl behind the counter will teach your Pokémon Sky Attack.

4F: The cashier here sells:
Poke Doll - 1000
Fire Stone - 2100
Thunder Stone - 2100
Water Stone - 2100
Leaf Stone - 2100

This is an important one because the evolution stones are quite handy.

5F: Two cashiers here. The top one sells:
HP Up - 9800
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Calcium - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Carbos - 9800

Bottom one sells:
X Attack - 500
X Defense - 550
X Speed - 350
X Sp.Atk - 350
X Sp.Def - 350
X Accuracy - 950
Guard Spec - 700
Dire Hit - 650

Rooftop: Three vending machines are here, selling:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350

Unlike a normal shop, you can only buy one at a time. There's a chance you'll get an extra drink for free though.

Next to the Department Store is the P1 Grand Prix building. Brock is there, as well as 5 other normal trainers and Anthony, the boss.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokémon Breeder Brock
Geodude LV 29

Black Belt Aaron
Machop LV 25

Black Belt Hitoshi
Machoke LV 26

Black Belt Mike
Poliwrath LV 27

Black Belt Hideki
Machamp LV 27

MINOR ICONIC:
Black Belt Giant (TR in disguise in anime)
Hitmonlee LV 28

MINOR ICONIC:
Black Belt Anthony
Hitmonchan LV 30

When you beat Anthony, he will give you a Black Belt. You can also give him Pokémon to train, similar to the Day Care. Actually, there are several people in the game who will train your Pokémon, but they all share the same ones. On one hand, it makes it easier to drop them off and pick them up, but on the other hand, only the guy at the Day Care Center can give you eggs and that's probably the main reason why you use the Day Care.

Gym: Grass type, has 7 trainers plus Erika.
Lass Kay
Bellsprout LV 28
Weepinbell LV 28

Beauty Bridget
Oddish LV 28 x2
Bellsprout LV 28 x2

Beauty Lori
Exeggcute LV 30

Picnicker Tina
Bulbasaur LV 28
Ivysaur LV 29

Cool Trainer Mary
Oddish LV 28
Bellsprout LV 28
Ivysaur LV 28
Weepinbell LV 28
Gloom LV 28

Lass Lisa
Oddish LV 28
Gloom LV 28

Beauty Tamia
Bellsprout LV 28 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER ERIKA (3v3)
Weepinbell LV 32
Tangela LV 33
Gloom LV 32

Defeating Erika gives you Rainbow Badge and TM53 (Energy Ball). The Kanto teleport system adds Celadon City as a destination.

With 5 badges, Poke Marts update again:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Awakening - 250
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Full Heal - 600
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500
Max Repel - 700

Go west to Route 16.

---------
ROUTE 16:
---------
Wild Pokémon: *Doduo, Rattata, Spearow, Raticate. Usual level 25-29.

Before tackling Cycling Road, let's visit the power plant in the north.

-------------------------
GRINGEY CITY POWER PLANT:
-------------------------
Wild Pokémon: *Grimer, *Magnemite, Muk, Magneton. Level 27-31.

Items:
Max Potion: North of the entrance.
Max Elixir: In a tile that looks slightly different to the other tiles in the power plant that is in the NW corner, just south of where Muk is.
2 Thunder Stones: One east of the Max Potion, hidden in the first rock from the left, next to the cans (hidden) and one in the SE corner (visible).
TM17 (Protect): In the NE corner.

In the NW corner, there's an ICONIC L35 Muk.

Go back out.

---------
ROUTE 16:
---------
Cycling Road can be entered through the gate. However, before you do so, go upstairs in the gate building. One of Professor Oak's aides is waiting for you on the right and will give you an Amulet Coin.

Note that while you need to have a bike to enter the Cycling Road, you are not required to ride it.

There are many trainers on this path.
Cue Ball Isaiah
Machop LV 28
Machamp LV 28

Biker Billy
Muk LV 32

Cue Ball Raul 
Mankey LV 28
Primeape LV 28

Cue Ball Jamal
Mankey LV 26 x2
Machamp LV 28
Machop LV 26

Cue Ball Zeek
Machoke LV 31

Biker Nikolas
Voltorb LV 29 x2

A Full Restore can be found on the Cycling Road, hidden in the NW-most tile and a Max Elixir can be found on the tile just south of the signpost.

Go south to Route 17. Now you are forced onto your bike, if you're not already riding it.

---------
ROUTE 17:
---------
Wild Pokémon: Doduo, Rattata, Raticate, Spearow, Fearow. Usual level 25-29.

This is a long road with 6 trainers.
Biker Virgil
Weezing LV 28 x2
Koffing LV 28

Cue Ball Corey
Primeape LV 29
Machoke LV 29

Biker Jaxon
Weezing LV 30
Muk LV 30

Biker William
Koffing LV 27 x3
Weezing LV 27 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Biker Chopper
Golem LV 33

MINOR ICONIC
Biker Tyra
Cloyster LV 33

There's a hidden item (Rare Candy) on a tile directly above the middle of the sandy stretch. 

PP Up is hidden in the SE corner of this sandy stretch. 

Finally, there's Max Revive - at the southern end of the road, you'll see a short fence. Max Revive is hidden on the tile south of the middle section of the fence.

Continue south to Route 18.

---------
ROUTE 18:
---------
Just a small stretch of a road. 

There's a woman in the upper floor of the gate building that will trade your Slowbro for his Lickitung. I highly recommend not doing this trade unless you desperately want the max odds for the Game Corner lottery, since obtaining a Slowbro can be rather tedious; you can’t obtain one in the wild, meaning that you have to level up a Slowpoke up to Level 37 to obtain a Slowbro.

The next gym is technically right here, on Route 18, but let's check Fuchsia City to the east first.

-------------
FUCHSIA CITY:
-------------
The top of this town is a zoo with various Pokémon exhibits.

The house east of the Pokémon Centre contains Move Deleter who can remove moves from your Pokémon. He was only useful if your Pokémon had a move that was previously a HM, but you can forget them normally now so he’s only useful in highly specific niche situations.

From the house in the SE part of the town, you can go back to the yard. There's Max Revive hidden there, on the tile adjacent to all three flowers. But what's more important, there's water to fish! Even with just the Old Rod, you can catch a Slowpoke here.

One of the people wandering around the Pokémon enclosures is actually Janine, Koga's daughter. However, she won't do much except chat with you, so feel free to move on past her if you want.
Near the Lapras, there’s a Farfetch’d wandering around that’ll give you a Leek.

As you attempt to enter the Safari Zone, there is a guy who will stop you and challenge you to a battle outside the doors.
MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Kaiser (The Safari Warden)
Dragonair LV 35

Go north to Safari Zone.

------------
SAFARI ZONE:
------------
At this point, you can only access the central (Kanto) part of the Safari Zone. Rules are: pay 500$ for the right to make 600 steps in the Safari Zone, plus 30 Safari Balls to catch wild Pokémon.

Wild Pokémon in the Kanto part: *Tauros, *Tangela, *Rhyhorn, Nidorina, Nidorino, *Exeggcute, Venonat, Parasect, Scyther, *Pinsir, *Chansey. Level 30-35.

If you didn't buy Scyther in Game Corner, this is the first chance to catch it normally. Pinsir and Chansey have only a 1% encounter rate. However, since encounters in Safari Zone are less tedious, it's not that hard to grind for them. Note that Exeggcute and Scyther are available on Route 19 just south of Fuchsia City, so that might be a better option for you.

Note: Definitely get a few Tauros - you will need one for a miniquest later in the game. There is a free ICONIC Tauros as well by the lake edge at LV 35.

You can also fish here - Old Rod gets you either *Horsea or Dratini, level 30-32. Dratini is another one of those Pokémon in Game Corner.
Three visible items:
A HP Up in SW corner, a Leaf Stone in the NE corner and TM11 (Sunny Day) in the NW corner. 

There's also a hidden Nugget: Go to the NE grass patch. It has 4 grass tiles adjacent to the lake. Nugget is hidden on the second one from the left.
Once you catch what you want, go to the Gym on Route 18.

The gym has 6 trainers plus Koga.
Juggler Nate
Koffing LV 33
Nidoking LV 33

Tamer Edgar
Arbok LV 33 x2
Beedrill LV 34

Juggler Kayden
Tentacruel LV 33

Juggler Kirk
Voltorb LV 35

MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Aya
Venonat LV 35

Juggler Shawn
Zubat LV 32 x2
Venonat LV 32
Gloom LV 32

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER KOGA (2v2)
Venomoth LV 35
Golbat LV 37

The gym has "invisible" walls -- but you can still spot them: Wall tiles have white spots in the corners. Koga will give you the Soul Badge plus TM06 (Toxic) for defeating him. This will also add Fuchsia City to the Kanto Teleport System.

In addition, if you go back to the gatehouse at the top part of Cycling Road, you can talk to the girl upstairs to obtain TM134 (Fly), which you can even use outside to battle to fly to places you’re already been to. Like the Town Map however, you can only use Fly for regions up to Unova.

Now go south from Fuchsia City to Route 19.

---------
ROUTE 19:
---------
Wild Pokémon: Venonat, *Lickitung, Butterfree, Exeggcute, Spearow, Abra, Scyther, Oddish, Exeggutor. Level 30-32. Exeggutor only has a 1% encounter rate.

Sidenote: It's far better to catch a Lickitung here rather than doing the trade for it in the gatehouse connecting Fuchsia City and Route 18 unless you want the maximum odds for the game corner lottery.

There are 10 trainers on this Route, almost all of which are based on battles from the anime.
MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Dario
Dodrio LV 33

MINOR ICONIC
Juggler Melvin
Exeggutor LV 34 x3

MINOR ICONIC
Pokémon Breeder Lara
Growlithe LV 34
Rapidash LV 34

MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Duplica
Ditto LV 36

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Mikey
Jolteon LV 34
Flareon LV 34
Eevee LV 34
Vaporeon LV 34

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Yas & Black Belt Kas (Double Battle)
Scyther LV 36
Electabuzz LV 36

MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Keith
Farfetch'd LV 33
Voltorb LV 33

Bug Catcher Kutz
Caterpie LV 10
Scyther LV 10

MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Akihabara
Porygon LV 34 x2 (Porygon Zero)

MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Cassandra
Parasect LV 35
Persian LV 34

There are 4 items here, all hidden:
Ultra Ball: NE from the first tall grass patch, in a corner.
Hyper Potion: On the right side of the fourth tall grass patch is empty space bordered by trees. To find a Hyper Potion, search the third tile from the right in the top row of this space.
Heart Scale: At the left side of the fourth tall grass patch is a row of 4 empty tiles between trees and tall grass. Heart Scale is hidden in the second tile from the right, right next to a Bug Catcher Trainer.
Rare Candy: Hidden in the very NW corner of Route, next to the second house.

There are two houses on this route:

The right house contains another TR battle.
ICONIC BATTLE:
TR Jessie and James
Arbok LV 33
Weezing LV 33
Lickitung LV 31
Victreebel LV 31

Afterwards, you can talk to Misty and fight her for Togepi.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokémon Trainer Misty
Goldeen LV 32
Staryu LV 35
Psyduck LV 34
Starmie LV 32
Horsea LV 31

Even when you beat her, you won't get it, sadly. Once you leave the house, the house can no longer be entered.

The left house contains an old man. If you've beaten both Koga and Misty, he will give you the Vermilion Ticket. As the ticket name suggests, you should now go to Vermilion City. Once there, go to the middle pier of the dock. Talk to the guy there to be able to go to Cinnabar Island.

----------------
CINNABAR ISLAND:
----------------
First of all, this is the first place where you can obtain Goldeen. It can be caught even with Old Rod, at level 15-19.

There are two important buildings on the island: Cinnabar Power Shop and Pokémon Mansion.

The Power Shop has one clerk.
Power Bracer - 3000
Power Anklet - 3000
Power Weight - 3000
Power Band - 3000
Power Belt - 3000
Power Lens - 3000
Macho Brace - 3000

Don't worry about buying these now if they are too expensive. You will get them for free later on.

Outside the Power Shop, there's a Move Tutor that teaches Seismic Toss. Around the island you'll find three people that want to trade. They will trade:
Your Raichu for his Electrode (left one)
Your Venonat for her Haunter (middle one)
Your Seel for his Ponyta (right one)

There’s also a Tentacool wandering around outside the Pokémon Mansion that’ll give you a Water Gem.

Unfortunately, we can’t go straight to the Cinnabar Gym. You’ll need to clear out Mansion first - only then you'll earn the right to be able to go to the Gym.

----------------
POKÉMON MANSION:
----------------
Wild Pokémon: The mansion has 4 floors (1F, 2F, 3F, B1F). All floors contain *Koffing, Grimer, Rattata, Muk, and Weezing. Floor 1F-3F has Raticate while Floor B1F has it replaced by Ditto. Additionally, each floor has a different Fire-type Pokémon: 1F has Growlithe, 2F has Vulpix, 3F has *Ponyta, and B1F has *Magmar.

Thanks to the half-destroyed state of the mansion, you can't just grab things on each floor in order. You have to take a roundabout route.

1F: There are two trainers on this floor.
Youngster Johnson
Ekans LV 33 x2
Raticate LV 34

Scientist Ted
Electrode LV 29
Weezing LV 29

4 items:
Moon Stone: Hidden on the left side of the floor in the entrance hallway, in the small rock among a pile of rocks.
Escape Rope: Visible on a table in the top left room.
Carbos: Visible in the top right quadrant of the floor.
Protein: In the big room with stairs down, it's hidden in the top left corner. Can't be obtained right now.

2F: 2nd floor has two trainers as well.
Burglar Arnie
Charmander LV 34
Charmeleon LV 34

Scientist Braydon
Magnemite LV 33
Voltorb LV 33
Magneton LV 33

3 items, all visible:
Calcium: In the room south from the stairs down.
Zinc: On a table in the top right room.
HP Up: In the broken doorway near to the right stairs up. Can't be obtained right now.

There are three stairs up on the floor. The lower stairs (the one next to stairs form 1F) lead to a separate area of 3F with an item (Iron) and a trainer. To get further, take the upper stairs.

3F: Once again, two trainers.
Burglar Simon
Ninetales LV 38

Burglar Lewis
Growlithe LV 34
Ponyta LV 34

4 items:
Iron: Visible on a table in the bottom left room.
Rare Candy: Hidden in a lone rock in the top right corner.
Max Potion: Visible in bottom right part of the room.
Max Revive: Hidden on the tile right below Max Potion.

Note that Ponyta can be caught on this floor.
An Iron is accessible from the first stairs, the other 3 items are in the main area of the floor. Get to the down stairs on the right and go back to 2F.

2F: Now you're in the right position to grab the HP Up and fight the 2nd trainer on this floor. There's a hole in a wall to the south. Ignore what the trainer says and fall into it.

1F: You can get the Protein now. Go to B1F.

B1F: One trainer in the top right room. 
Scientist Ivan
Magnemite LV 34
Electrode LV 34

In the room directly left of the stairs, interact with the device in the top left corner of the room to find an Elixir. In the top left room, there's a guy you have to talk to in order to complete this dungeon. In the room below him is TM22 (Solar Beam).

Note that this floor has Ditto and Magmar. Ditto is a Pokémon you especially should get because of its universal breeding compatibility. Since this floor is hard to access, you should catch what you want while you're still here.

Once you're done, go back up and out. There's an exit from the mansion south of the stairs.

With Ditto, you can now obtain some pre-evolutions (Pichu, Cleffa and Igglybuff) if you weren't able to before. You are now also able to breed Magmar to get Magby.

Note that while Chansey also has a pre-evolution, you can't get the necessary item to get it just yet.

But what's more important, the ship can now take you to the Cinnabar Gym!

-------------
CINNABAR GYM:
-------------
There are 5 trainers in the Gym, plus Blaine.
Super Nerd Derek
Rapidash LV 38

Burglar Ramon
Arcanine LV 38

Super Nerd Erik
Vulpix LV 36 x2
Ninetales LV 36

Super Nerd Avery
Ponyta LV 34
Vulpix LV 34
Charmander LV 34
Growlithe LV 34

Burglar Quinn
Growlithe LV 36
Vulpix LV 36
Ninetales LV 36

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BLAINE Round 1 (3v3)
Ninetales LV 38
Rhydon LV 38
Magmar LV 40

Once you beat Blaine, he'll send you to hit a switch to calm down the volcano. Boulders that block your way to a ladder disappear.

Upstairs, you can find two more trainers, as well as the switch.
Super Nerd Zac
Growlithe LV 37
Vulpix LV 37

Burglar Dusty
Charmeleon LV 35
Vulpix LV 35
Ponyta LV 35

With the switch pressed, you can fight Blaine again. Please don’t lose this battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BLAINE Round 2 (1v1)
Magmar LV 40

This time, he'll give you the Volcano Badge, as well as TM35 (Flamethrower). Cinnabar Island will now be a possible destination in the Kanto teleport system.

With 7 badges, Poke Marts update again:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Awakening - 250
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Full Heal - 600
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500
Max Repel - 700

Return to Viridian City.

---------------------
BONUS: Catching Ho-Oh
---------------------
Since our journey takes us back to Viridian City now, let's try getting our first legendary, Ho-Oh!

Ho-Oh appears on Route 1 with 1% chance. It's at level 50. It's a normal encounter, so you can encounter it again even if you catch or defeat it.

To catch it in reasonable time, I'd suggest the following setup:
1. Buy some Max Repels and LOTS of Ultra Balls (although there will be better balls - Timer Balls - you can use to catch it later on if you don't mind waiting). The catch rate of Ho-Oh is very low.
Max Repels will be used to avoid encounters. The trick is that they only prevent encounters with Pokémon of lower level than the one in your first slot. If that Pokémon is at a reasonable level, BUT not greater than 50, Max Repel will avoid all standard Pokémon on Route 1, so you can only encounter Ho-Oh. You might walk a long time before that happens, but it's considerably quicker than fighting normal battles or escaping them.

2. Your leading Pokémon should be a Beedrill. That's because Beedrill has the Swarm ability which doubles encounter rate -- leads to less wasted Repels.

3. You need some source of paralysis to improve catch rate. Pikachu's Nuzzle is a good one, since you definitely have a Pikachu and since Nuzzle always causes paralysis. While sleep would improve catch rate more than paralysis, paralysis has the advantage of never wearing off.

4. You need something strong to beat Ho-Oh down -- I'll leave the choice to you. False Swipe (TM54) on a high-level Pokémon would be nice since it can't KO.

5. Before trying to find Ho-Oh, SAVE THE GAME. Even when you find Ho-Oh, it might still take multiple attempts, and even an unsuccessful attempt will cost you lots of valuable Ultra Balls. If you encounter Ho-Oh and fail to catch it, reload and try again.

Once you find Ho-Oh, Paralyse it, reduce its HP and start chucking Ultra Balls. Ho-Oh has Recover and three damage-dealing moves: Fire Blast, Sacred Fire, and Punishment. To avoid Ho-oh’s STAB high power fire type moves, you could use a Pokémon with Flash Fire ability (like Vulpix, Growlithe, or Ponyta). These are completely immune to Fire Blast and Sacred Fire, leaving Punishment as the only attack that will work.

If you manage to get a Ho-Oh, congratulations! -- you got a powerful legendary and the rest of the game got easier.

--------------
VIRIDIAN CITY:
--------------
The old man who blocked the entrance to the Viridian Gym will now move away, letting you access it. The moment you enter it, you'll be thrown into battle with a L50 Mewtwo, so be prepared to catch it! While you can chuck Ultra Balls at it, I would suggest just using the Master Ball you got from Silph Co. There will be a few more Master Balls in future, plus, Mewtwo is the first Legendary in the game that actually blocks your progress, so you might not have as much time and resources to prepare for it as you want.

Once the battle is over, you go immediately into a battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE:
TR's Jessie and James
Kingler LV 40
Rhydon LV 40
Machamp LV 40
Arbok LV 37
Weezing LV 37

An exploit you could use to make the game ridiculously easy is that if you lose to TR, the events inside of the Viridian City gym restart, allowing you to get as many Mewtwos as you’d like.

Defeat them and the Gym collapses. You'll appear outside.

There's an item close to where you are. It's the Earth Badge, plus TM26 (Earthquake). In addition, you can go through the wreckage of the Gym to get a Lucky Egg, an extremely useful item that boosts EXP for any Pokémon that holds it.

Now that you have 8 badges, Poke Marts update their inventory for the last time:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Potion - 300
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Awakening - 250
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Full Heal - 600
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500
Max Repel - 700

Before you head to Route 22, head back towards Pallet Town. There will be an ICONIC LV 5 Mr. Mime blocking the way. When you talk to it, you have the option of letting it join your team. Now head back to Viridian, and head west to route 22.

---------
ROUTE 22:
---------
Wild Pokémon: Persian, *Onix, Sandslash, *Machoke, Jigglypuff, Pidgeotto, Poliwhirl. Level 35-38.

There's Machoke, but no Machop. Machop can be found later. If you want, you can catch a Machoke here and breed it for Machop.

There are 9 trainers on this route. Several of them are based on the characters of the 1st Pokémon Movie, Mewtwo Strikes Back.
MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Stella
Mr. Mime LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Aroma Lady Florinda
Gloom LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Corey
Venusaur LV 40 (Bruteroot)
Sandslash LV 38
Pidgeot LV 38
Rhyhorn LV 38
Scyther LV 38
Hitmonlee LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Katrina
Raichu LV 38 (Raichie)

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Neesha
Blastoise lV 40 (Shellshocker)
Dewgong LV 38
Rapidash LV 38
Ninetales LV 38
Wigglytuff LV 38
Vileplume LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Fergus
Gyarados LV 38
Nidoqueen LV 38
Tentacruel LV 38
Seadra LV 38
Golduck LV 38
Vaporeon LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Raymond
Donphan LV 38
Venomoth LV 37
Golem LV 37
Machamp LV 38
Pinsir LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Otoshi
Marowak LV 39
Doduo LV 36

Once you're done, enter the building at the end to get to the Indigo Plateau.

---------------
INDIGO PLATEAU:
---------------
The old guy in the building is a Move Tutor for Metronome.

A guy at the upper table will give you Exp. Share.

There is a trainer flanking the northern building exit.
MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Westwood the 5th
Slowbro LV 38

Once you get out, you can find several vendors.
Careful; you'll eventually lose access to Indigo Plateau, so you might want to buy some things now.

Top left vendor sells:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350
Berry Juice - 100

Top right vendor sells:
Full Incense - 5000
Lax Incense - 5000
Luck Incense - 11000
Odd Incense - 2000
Pure Incense - 6000
Rock Incense - 2000
Rose Incense - 2000
Sea Incense - 2000
Wave Incense - 2000

Bottom left vendor sells:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

And the bottom right vendor (TR) sells:
Cleanse Tag - 5000
Destiny Knot - 4000
EverStone - 2100
Poke Doll - 1000
Heart Scale - 100

What do these items actually do? Incenses have an effect in battle when held, but they are also necessary to obtain certain Pokémon. That's because they can help you get “baby Pokémon”, which are the pre-evolutions of certain Pokémon. If you want to learn more about them, I would recommend using Bulbapedia. At this point, the Luck Incense is the only one that can work for you: you can use it with Chansey to breed Happiny. The Luck Incense also doubles the amount of money you get from trainer battles, so it’s handy if you don’t have the Amulet Coin for some reason.

So, which Incenses do you actually need to buy now? Assuming you don't want their battle effects and just want to breed to get baby Pokémon asap, Full, Luck, Rock, Odd and Sea Incense are most important, as you will have a chance to get these Pokémon in the not-too-distant future.

Lax Incense is just unnecessary to buy at all, as there will actually be a free one in the area where the relevant Pokémon appears for the first time. The Rose Incense is also unnecessary since you’ll first be able to get the baby form of the Pokémon that can use it.
As for the Pure and Wave Incenses, by the time you actually get the Pokémon that use them, you'll have access to a permanent Incense shop, so there's no need to buy them here.

Note that if you get a Happiny, you won't be able to evolve it into a Chansey yet - this requires an Oval Stone; you don't have access to one yet.

Heart Scales are used with Move Relearner. They got much cheaper with the more recent generations, so that change has been reflected here.
Everstones have 2 effects - it stops evolution when held and forces a parent's nature onto a baby when breeding. Not too useful since you’ll be able to buy nature-changing items later on in the game.

There's still a lot of trainers to get money for the remaining items, but if you need more, there are a few options.

1. Meowth:
Meowth can learn an attack called "Pay Day". Whenever you use it, you get money equal to double Meowth's level at the end of the battle. Note that you must decline Meowth's evolution a few times to get it.
You can double the amount by using Amulet Coin or Luck Incense, but it's not really worth it -- even with Lv. 100 Meowth or Persian (which you're probably far from having), you'd only get 400 per Pay Day.
There's one more advantage of Meowth, though: it can have the ability Pickup and get you items as you walk.

2. Triple Triad at the Game Corner:
Ironically, you can make money at the Game Corner. More info can be found by using Ctrl + F and typing “Triad:” (with the colon).

3. Crime:
And by "crime", I mean TM46, Thief.
A few wild Pokémon can have items. Catching a Pokémon will give you the item, obviously, but that's not financially sound since you'd be down a cost of Pokeball and, more to the point, the items themselves might be rare. There is an ability, Frisk, that can tell you whether a Pokémon has an item or not, but unfortunately, you don't have access to it yet.
What you DO have access to, though, is Butterfree. Butterfree has the ability Compound Eyes that increases the chance you'll find a Pokémon with an item.

Next step is just to use Thief. Fortunately, Butterfree is able to learn it from the TM. Remember that Butterfree must not hold any item, otherwise the theft won't work.

An advanced setup is to have Butterfree in the front, but already fainted (its ability will still work like that), and a Pokémon with Frisk and Thief in the second spot. That way you'll get lots of items and you can steal them easily.

So, is there a good place to steal? Most items that can be obtained are not that expensive, but Mt. Moon is a pretty good one. It has two good money makers: Paras and Clefairy/Clefable (both have a greater chance to be encountered on the top floor).

Clefairy can hold a Moon Stone, which, apart from the fact that it's important for the evolution of several Pokémon lines, can be sold for 2000. Paras, on the other hand, can have either a Tiny Mushroom or a Big Mushroom. Tiny Mushrooms can be sold for 250, while Big Mushrooms can be sold for 2500! Compound Eyes make them appear 20% of the time, so it's a bit time-intensive but potentially profitable.
Alternatively, you might want to try Hidden Village. There are wild Paras here as well, but you can also find Staryu -- and Staryu can have Stardust or Star Piece. Even common Stardust can be sold for 1000 and Star Piece for even more money. Unfortunately, Staryu are pretty rare.

Basically: if you want to gather some Moon Stones for evolution, hit Mt. Moon -- otherwise, Hidden Village might be better.

As a note: there's one more item a Paras might have: Balm Mushroom. That can be sold for an incredible 25,000, but it's rare, even with Compound Eyes.

As for farming specific items for their USE, I'd suggest waiting until you get Frisk.
But we'll have time for this after we go through Pokémon League!

Enter the building in the Indigo Plateau.

On your left is a woman who lets you enter the league. At the left wall is a Poke Mart, and at the top right is a Pokémon Centre. After registration, you can go to the Water stage, the second exit from right.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Juggler Mandi (3v3)
Exeggutor LV 38
Seadra LV 38
Golbat LV 38

Beat the trainer and go to the Rock stage, the second exit from the left.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Tamer Matt (3v3)
Rapidash LV 40
Poliwhirl LV 40
Nidorino LV 40

Beat the second trainer and go to the Ice stage, the middle exit.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Tamer Pete (3v3)
Rhyhorn LV 42
Arcanine LV 42
Cloyster LV 42

After you beat the third trainer, you have to leave the building. Gary meets you outside. Brock is on the Plateau - talk to him to battle.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokémon Breeder Brock
Onix LV 42
Vulpix LV 38
Geodude LV 40
Zubat LV 40

After you beat Brock, you can continue with the Indigo League -- this time on the Grass stage, the rightmost exit, facing the fourth trainer.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Aroma Lady Jeanette (3v3)
Beedrill LV 44
Scyther LV 44
Bellsprout LV 49

The fifth and final Trainer, Ritchie, is up next. And you get the right to fight in the Indigo Stadium -- left exit.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Picnicker Ritchie (3v3)
Butterfree LV 45 (Happy)
Pikachu LV 45 (Sparky)
Charmander LV 45 (Zippo)

The Pokémon that you select to battle him will have the Indigo Ribbon on them afterwards.

And that's it! You got to Top 16, and that's the best you can get for now. As you finish, the announcer tells you to go tell Professor Oak how you did. So let's head back to Pallet Town now.

------------
PALLET TOWN:
------------
Return home and talk to Professor Oak. He'll let you travel to the Orange Archipelago on a blimp... that is, if a Fearow didn't attack the blimps! The Fearow hides in the northern part of the Viridian Forest, but beware -- once you beat it, the Indigo Plateau closes for a long time and you'll lose access to the shops there. So if you want to use them, now's your chance!

Once you're good, beat the Fearow - it is only level 40, so you should have no problem with it.

We can now move further, but before that, go back to Pallet Town. In the SE corner of town will be a pink-haired girl who will give you LV 50 Mew. The girl is actually Mew in disguise. Don't judge. Also, the Pidgey that was near the bottom row of houses before has evolved into a Pidgeotto! It’ll now give you a Wiki Berry.

In addition, go to your house and to your room upstairs. Get the item that appeared there, TM102 (Crush Claw).

Nothing else to do -- go to Viridian City and use the blimp service to go to Valencia Island.

-------------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 1.5: THE ORANGE ISLANDS
-------------------------------------------

----------------
VALENCIA ISLAND:
----------------

...Or not.

On the blimp, you'll be ambushed by TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Arbok LV 38
Weezing LV 38
Lickitung LV 34
Victreebel LV 34

But after you defeat them, you'll end up crashing on Valencia Island... well at least you got there!

Weather forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokémon: Butterfree, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Paras, Raticate, Vileplume, Weepinbell. Level 33-37.
Cloyster can be caught here, even with Old Rod, but you might want to wait and get a Shellder later.

NE from where you land, there's a visible item (Berry Juice). When you go north, you'll find a Great Ball on the northern end of the western beach.

Enter Professor Ivy's lab and grab the GS Ball.

Now that you have it, several things happen:
1. You can move between your house in Pallet Town and Professor Ivy's lab using the warps that are located there. More destinations will be added to the warps as you unlock new regions.
2. The blimp in Viridian City will now take you to the civilised part of Valencia Island.
3. The middle ship in Vermilion City (the one you used to go to Cinnabar Island) now connects to Valencia Island as well.
4. A sailor with his Lapras appears on the western beach of Valencia Island. This will be your way of getting around the Orange Islands. The sailor can also take you to Vermilion City or to two new destinations: Tangelo Island and Mikan Island. Let’s go to Tangelo Island first.

---------------
TANGELO ISLAND:
---------------
Weather forecast: Rarely rainy

A few things to do here:
This is the first place that you can catch Tentacool, even with Old Rod. The other Pokémon available from fishing is Slowpoke.

The house right next to where you start has a lady who gives you a Max Revive.

One of the houses in SW corner (only one can be entered) has Pokémon Move Maniac who can teach your Pokémon any moves they could've learnt at a previous level. He only requires 1 Heart Scale per move, which is pretty cheap.

Pokémon Park isn't too useful, just pretty. House in the SE corner can't actually be entered.

The important thing here is in the NE corner. Four trainers block your way to a Lapras.
MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Rod
Beedrill LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Jim
Spearow LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Ralph
Hitmonchan LV 40

The fourth trainer is Tracy, who, like Brock and Misty, will be seen again.
ICONIC BATTLE
Watcher Tracy
Venonat LV 40
Marill LV 40

Once you beat them, talk to the ICONIC LV 40 Lapras in order to obtain it. Directly south of it, you can also get TM133 (Surf).

That's all here, let's go to Mikan Island now.

-------------
MIKAN ISLAND:
-------------
Fishing: Horsea and Staryu.

Close to where you start is a house. In the tree left of the house is a hidden Pecha Berry.
At the SE corner of the island is a Revive. Below that is a guy who gives you TM25 (Thunder). In the SW corner of the island is a Kabuto that gives you a Misty Seed.
A house on the hill in the centre of the island has a trainer. After you beat him, talk to him to get TM42 (Facade).
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Senta (Gym Leader's lil bro)
Dratini LV 40
Poliwrath LV 40
Dewgong LV 40

Go to the Gym (you must have beaten Tracey, the last trainer on Tangelo Island, otherwise the entrance will be blocked).
 
The gym has 5 trainers plus Cissy. 
Swimmer Dave
Wartortle LV 41
Seadra LV 41

Swimmer Mako
Omanyte LV 41
Kingler LV 41
Staryu LV 41

Swimmer Jerry
Poliwag LV 42
Poliwhirl LV 42
Poliwrath LV 42

Swimmer Jessica
Vaporeon LV 44

Swimmer Dayton
Golduck LV 42
Seel LV 42

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CISSY (2v2)
Seadra LV 44
Blastoise LV 44

Beat her for Coral-Eye Badge and TM18 (Rain Dance).

Once you've beaten her, the guy in the eastern house will now give you a Water Stone. You can also get TM42 if you haven't done so yet - you don't have to fight the trainer anymore.

Lastly, Lapras Launch lets you go to Navel Island.

-------------
NAVEL ISLAND:
-------------
Fishing: Magikarp and *Seel.

You start on a beach. In the NE tile of this beach is a hidden Heart Scale.

A guy directly south of the Pokémon Centre will give you TM83 (Work Up) and inside the Pokémon Centre another guy will give you a Soft Sand. An Electabuzz outside the Pokémon Centre will also give you an Electric Seed.

The right house contains four guys. Three of them are move tutors for: Fire Punch, Ice Punch, and Thunder Punch.

After that, go to the cave up north. Welcome to Navel Rock.

-----------
NAVEL ROCK:
-----------
Navel Rock has four floors: 1F, B1F, 2F, and 3F. 1F and 2F share the same Pokemon list, as do B1F and 3F. Possible Pokemon are:
*Cubone - 1F and 2F only, common
Abra - B1F and 3F only, common
*Electabuzz - common on 1F and 2F, rare on B1F and 3F
Graveler - common on B1F and 3F, rare on 1F and 2F
Dugtrio - uncommon on all floors
*Diglett - uncommon on all floors
*Machop - uncommon on all floors
Ekans - uncommon on all floors
Golbat - uncommon on all floors
Zubat - rare on all floors
Koffing - very rare on all floors
*Voltorb - very rare on all floors

If you get an Electabuzz, remember that you can breed it to get an Elekid.

So, what about Voltorb? It has a 1% encounter rate, and even if encountered, it unfortunately knows Self-Destruct, so it can blow itself up. And your next chance to get one will come quite a bit later. To improve your chances, you should get a Poliwag or its evolution with the ability Damp which will cause Self-Destruct to fail. Unfortunately, they have to be pretty high-levelled so that Voltorb can't just OHKO them with its OTHER attacks... or if you want to avoid that, you could wait until you can catch a Water/Ground type with the ability Damp. That being said, you could improve your chances of finding a Voltorb (well, that, or Electabuzz) by using a Pokemon with Static at the front of your party.

Anyway, once you're ready to do this dungeon, go up then left. Fight a trainer and get down the ladder.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Kay
Raichu LV 43
Chansey LV 43
Jynx LV 43
Hitmonchan LV 43
Clefable LV 43
Abra LV 43

You'll appear in a small room with three items: PP Up, Helix Fossil, and Dome Fossil. You can take these to Pewter City in order to revive them into Omanyte and Kabuto, respectively. After you give him a fossil, just leave the building and come back.
Going from the cave entrance to the right, there will be a small space north of you with seven rocks. The leftmost rock hides a Max Revive. At the end of the path, go down the ladder.

Go along the path and fight a trainer near the halfway point.
Lass Lanny
Jolteon LV 43
Jigglypuff LV 43
Victreebel LV 43

After beating the trainer, continue on until you reach the ladder. Before you go up it, engage the trainer just beyond and grab the Star Piece he's guarding.
MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Mateo
Cloyster LV 43
Charmeleon LV 43

Go up the ladder.

Next part of 1F has an item (Pearl) and a Trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Swimmer Marina
Tentacruel LV 43
Psyduck LV 43
Starmie LV 43

Go up the ladder.

2F is just a straight path with a trainer at the beginning. Go up the ladder.
Hiker Corey
Alolan Marowak LV 43

On 3F, go up then left. The rock in the corner hides a Fire Stone. Then go right and fight a trainer.
Hiker David
Graveler LV 43
Magmar LV 43
Pidgeotto LV 43

Right from the trainer is another ladder down. Use it when you go out -- it's much faster, but one-way, path through the Navel Rock.

For now, go out of the cave into the Navel Gym. There are two people here. First one is a healer who'll heal your party before you battle the Gym Leader - Danny.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER DANNY (5v5 battle)
Nidoqueen LV 45
Geodude LV 45
Machoke LV 45
Scyther LV 45
Electrode LV 45

Beat Danny for the Sea Ruby Badge and TM13 (Ice Beam). The Lapras Launch lets you go to the Seven Grapefruit Islands, so go there.

-------------------------
SEVEN GRAPEFRUIT ISLANDS:
-------------------------
Fishing: Goldeen + Staryu.

This place is a bit confusing: as the name says, there are seven islands which are connected by bridges into a long linear sequence. Let's call the island you start on Island 3. The island north of you is Island 2, and the island to the east of THAT is Island 1. Islands 4-7 are those you can get to by going south, in order.

Island 1:
Bunch of guys picking grapefruits. The mid-bottom guy on the right side will give you TM105 (Toxic Spikes) and the Dodrio will give you a Grassy Seed.

Island 2:
You can get an item here (Berry Juice).

Island 3:
Nothing interesting, except for the Lapras Launch to go back to Navel Island.

Island 4:
A woman in the house here will tell you about the Snorlax problem. Since you want to go deal with it, she will let the guard know.
A guy in the Pokemon Centre will give you a Berry Juice.

Island 5:
This island is completely devastated by Snorlax. There are some green-ish patches left, and two of them contain hidden Berry Juices: the one at the very NE, and one roughly in the middle: go east from the bridge and it should be the second patch you see.

Island 6:
More devastation. There's one hidden Berry Juice, in a green-ish patch: go east from the bridge, go down from the first patch and search the second one.

Island 7:
You must talk to the woman in the house on Island 4 in order to get here. There's an ICONIC Snorlax here (level 45).

Go back to Island 4 and talk to the woman again -- you will get some Leftovers.

If you have bought the Incenses at Indigo Plateau, you can give Full Incense to Snorlax and breed it to get a Munchlax.

You can now use the Lapras Launch to reach the next island, Trovita Island.

---------------
TROVITA ISLAND:
---------------
While it's possible to fish here, no encounters are defined and so you can't catch anything.

On the west side of the island, there is a Move Tutor for Endeavor. Nothing else to do here. Lorelei from Elite Four is in front of the gym and you have to fight her to get into the gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Lorelei
Cloyster LV 50

The Gym itself has four trainers plus Rudy.
Super Nerd Zack
Pidgeot LV 43
Ninetales LV 43

Super Nerd Paul
Hitmonchan LV 43
Golem LV 43

Super Nerd Alex
Alakazam LV 43
Rhydon LV 43

Super Nerd Robert
Venomoth LV 43

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER RUDY (3v3)
Electabuzz LV 45
Exeggutor LV 45
Starmie LV 45

Beating Rudy gives you the Spike Shell Badge plus TM67 (Retaliate). It will also allow you to use the Lapras Launch to go to Ascorbia Island.

----------------
ASCORBIA ISLAND:
----------------
Weather forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Fishing: Goldeen and *Shellder.
Wild Pokemon: Paras, Beedrill, *Psyduck, Butterfree, Krabby, Staryu, Parasect. Level 35-39

Just a bit SE from where you land is a house with a guy who will give you a Burn Heal.

Go to the northern part of the island through a long grassy path with five trainers (4th is Tracey).
Lass Jordan
Golduck LV 43 x4

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Emily & Youngster Ralph
Nidorina LV 45 (Maria)
Nidorino LV 45 (Tony)

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Gulzar
Gloom LV 44

ICONIC BATTLE:
Watcher Tracy
Venonat LV 45
Marill LV 45
Scyther LV 47

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Tad
Poliwrath LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Ethan
Magneton LV 43 (Number 6)
Magnemite LV 43 x2
Tauros LV 43
Jolteon LV 43

Enter the house at the end for another battle against TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Arbok LV 39
Weezing LV 39
Lickitung LV 36
Victreebel LV 36

Once you beat them, collect TM89 (U-Turn) from the ruins and go to Aidan's house (the one next to a corral full of Squirtles and their evolutions) and talk to him to get a Yellow Scarf. The Lapras Launch will now let you go to Kumquat Island.

---------------
KUMQUAT ISLAND:
---------------
Nothing much here, but before you hit the gym, make sure to fight the trainer in the SW corner.
MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Poncho
Diglett LV 44 x2
Dugtrio LV 44 x2

There’s also an Ariados crawling around the island, giving you a Psychic Seed if you catch up to it.

Now let's check out the gym. There are two trainers (an optional double battle) and Luana.
Aroma Lady Alex
Jynx LV 46
Kangaskhan LV 46

Aroma Lady Harper
Flareon LV 46
Dodrio LV 46

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER LUANA (2v2 double battle)
Marowak LV 47
Alakazam LV 47

Beat her for Jade Star Badge and TM33 (Smart Strike). You can now go to Pummelo Island, using Lapras Launch.

---------------
PUMMELO ISLAND:
---------------
Fishing: Horsea and Staryu.
Wild Pokemon: Sandslash, Golem, Magneton, Nidorina, Wigglytuff, Kadabra, Arcanine, Nidorino, Arbok, Exeggutor, Dragonair (rare). Usual level 40-42 (Dragonairs are lv 45).

Note that this is a premium levelling spot -- not only are the Pokemon high-levelled, but they are also all evolved forms which give significantly more EXP! With a Lucky Egg and an Exp. Share, you can get a lot here.

Careful when interacting with Lapras Launch here -- you can go to Valencia Island, but it's a one-way trip; going back to Pummelo will take several more trips.

The old lady on the left is a Move Tutor who teaches Frenzy Plant, Blast Burn, and Hydro Cannon.

First you have to fight Misty, who blocks the entrance to the Stadium.
ICONIC BATTLE
Trainer Misty
Goldeen LV 40
Staryu LV 45
Psyduck LV 44
Poliwag LV 9

The inside of the Stadium is essentially a Pokemon Centre with extra features -  a guy on the left who acts as the Poke Mart and a lady behind the desk on the bottom who registers you for the fight with Drake. After you register, talk to the guy blocking the top exit and fight Drake.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Orange Crew Champion Drake
Ditto LV 55
Electabuzz LV 55
Dragonite LV 60
Onix LV 55
Gengar LV 55
Venusaur LV 55

All Pokémon in your party will have the Legend Ribbon on them afterwards.

Defeating Drake now lets you go from Pummelo Island to the Element Islands. There are a few more things, but you should go to the Element Islands first, if you want some legendary pokemon.
ELEMENT ISLANDS:
Weather forecast: Stormy

There are three islands - Ice, Lightning, and Fire. You start at the Ice island and Lapras Launch can transport you to other islands as well as back to Pummelo Island. Ice island has Articuno on it, Lightning island has Zapdos, and Fire Island has Moltres.

All three are level 50. You could get them now, or wait until you can get specialised balls to catch them. I recommend using Fast Balls on Zapdos (since it's fast), and Timer Balls on the other 2. Bear in mind that all 3 of them have Roost for healing.

And we're done with the Orange Islands! Next up, Johto!

Go to Ivy’s lab in Valencia Island and teleport home to Pallet Town.

------------
PALLET TOWN:
------------
Go to Professor Oak's Lab. Gary blocks the stairs; waste him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Gary
Eevee LV 50

Talk to Professor Oak in his lab and we're officially on the road to Johto. Go to Indigo Plateau; the western exit from the gate building will be open now.

---------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 2: THE JOHTO REGION
---------------------------------------

---------
ROUTE 45:
---------
The way west is blocked by a pair of fighting trainers. Follow the path south.

--------------
NEW BARK TOWN:
--------------
There’s a Hoothoot that’ll give an Agave Berry when you interact with it.

Go to Professor Elm's Lab in the NW corner. There's a teleport in his lab which connects to the other two (Pallet Town and Valencia Island). You can now teleport freely between the three regions.

Go west to route 29.

---------
ROUTE 29:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Heracross, *Spinarak, Pinsir, Butterfree, *Stantler, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂. Usual level 5-6.

Since you're in a new region, wild Pokemon levels dropped significantly. Use False Swipe so your high-level Pokemon won't knock the wild Pokemon out. You should have a TM for it -- or at the very least, Cubone has it naturally.

The most important thing here is Stantler. Try to get a Stantler with a Frisk ability -- fortunately, its second ability is Intimidate which shows itself in battle. If you meet a Stantler and it won't reduce your attack, it probably has Frisk and you should get it.

Frisk will reveal an item held by opposing Pokemon (if any) once you encounter it. Combined with Butterfree's Compound Eyes (which, as I've said before, increases the chance of meeting Pokemon with items), you will get a powerful team for item farming (don't forget to teach Thief to your Stantler).
For maximum speed, you can make your Butterfree faint. That way, Compound Eyes will still work but Stantler will enter the battle first so you don't have to switch it in (after all, if you start with Butterfree, you can just have THAT use Thief). Or you can just give Stantler a Smoke Ball and immediately run from anything uninteresting (of course, then you need someone else with Thief to actually steal the item). Also, if you're doing this, have some items ready to heal your Stantler -- using a Pokemon Centre would revive Butterfree and you'd have to make it faint again.

The first thing you'll notice in this route is an ICONIC LV 6 Heracross to the north of you. Talk to it to have it join your team. In the NE corner of the route, there is a Potion. Midway along the route you'll get to amuse yourself by crushing the dreams of a beginning trainer and baseball fangirl Casey.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pickincker Casey
Chikorita LV 4
Pidgey LV 3
Rattata LV 3

After you stomp her, talk to the Chikorita on this Route. It will run away into the northern part of the route. Follow it to the snowy forest. You can catch a *Hoothoot here (Haunters and Gengars rarely appear as well). You shouldn't use False Swipe here -- this location has permanent hail and Hoothoot will be KO'd by the hail. Instead wait a bit until its HP has dropped and then catch it. Or use Sunny Day/Rain Dance to change the weather so that it doesn’t take damage and then use False Swipe.

There are a pair of trainers at the entrance of the snowy area.
MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Hagatha & Channeler Nagatha
Hoothoot LV 5 x2

Talk to the ICONIC LV 5 Chikorita again and you can grab it for yourself!

After returning to the main route and continuing west, you'll pass another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Rochelle
Donphan LV 2 x4

Continue west to Cherrygrove City.

-----------------
CHERRYGROVE CITY:
-----------------
Weather forecast: Very rarely rainy
Nothing too important here, except fishing -- Woopers can be caught in this town. There is a new teleporter in Pokemon Centre, but we can't use her services yet. Behind the Centre is a Quagsire that’ll give you an Ultra Ball.

There's also a Move Tutor here out by the beach that will teach your Pokemon the move Gravity and another person who will tell you how trade evolutions in Fire Ash work, but this guy also tells you about trade evolutions of Gen 2 pokemon.

Before we go further...

STOP AND FRISK SECTION:
a.k.a. Thievery for fun and profit.

With the combination of Compound Eyes and Frisk, you have a good chance to grab some new items. Technically, you could have gotten them before, but Frisk makes it less time-consuming.

What can we get at this point in the game and where can we get it?

Sidenote: You'll be able to buy the items in sections 1 + 2 eventually, and you'll get the items in section 3 throughout the game, so you don't have to steal them from wild pokemon. Only do so if you want them now.

1. Berries.
Chilan Berry -- Appears on Rattata and Raticate. Best place to farm them is Route 16 and Route 17.
Leppa Berry -- Appears on Clefairy and Clefable. Best place to farm them is Mt Moon 1F. Leppa Berry is common and you'll find lots of them while trying to get their rarer items.
Payapa Berry -- Appears on Mankey and Primeape. Best place to farm them is Route 7.
Rawst Berry -- Appears on Vulpix, Growlithe and Arcanine. Best place to farm them is Route 8. Automatic item.
Shuca Berry -- Appears on Ponyta. Best place to farm them is Pokemon Mansion 3F.

2. Evolution items.
Dragon Scale -- Appears on Horsea, Seadra, Dratini and Dragonair. Best place to farm them is fishing on Cinnabar Island, Mikan Island or Pummelo Island. Needed to evolve Seadra.
Electirizer -- Appears on Electabuzz. Best place to farm them is Navel Rock, floors 1F and 2F. Needed to evolve Electabuzz.
Magmarizer -- Appears on Magmar. Best place to farm them is Pokemon Mansion B1F. Needed to evolve Magmar.
Metal Coat -- Appears on Magnemite and Magneton. Best place to farm them is the Gringey City Power Plant. Needed to evolve Onix and Scyther. Also boosts Steel-type moves.
Moon Stone -- Appears on Clefairy and Clefable. Best place to farm them is Mt Moon 1F.
King's Rock -- Appears on Poliwhirl. Best place to farm them is fishing on Valencia Island. Needed to evolve Poliwhirl (into Politoed) and Slowpoke (into Slowking).

3. Type-boosting items.
We already got a few of them, like Charcoal or Black Glasses. Stealing gets us:
Poison Barb -- Poison booster. Appears on Beedrill, Tentacool and Tentacruel. Best place to farm them is fishing for Tentacool on Tangelo Island.
Soft Sand -- Ground booster. Appears on Diglett and Dugtrio. Best place to farm them is Navel Rock.
Sharp Beak -- Flying booster. Appears on Fearow, Doduo and their evolutions. Best place to farm them is Route 17.
Twisted Spoon -- Psychic booster. Appears on Abra and Kadabra. Best place to farm them is Navel Rock, floors B1F and 3F.
Silver Powder -- Bug booster. Appears on Butterfree. Best place to farm them is Valencia Island.

4. Miscellaneous hold items.
Lucky Punch -- Appears on Chansey. Unfortunately, Chansey is only in the Safari Zone. Common item.
Quick Powder -- Appears on Ditto. Best place to farm them is Pokemon Mansion 1F. Common item.
Everstone -- Appears on Geodude, Graveler and Golem. Best place to farm them is Navel Rock, floors B1F and 3F or Pummelo Island.
Lagging Tail -- Appears on Slowpoke and Lickitung. Best place to farm them is fishing in Fuchsia City or on Tangelo Island.
Lucky Egg -- Appears on Chansey. Unfortunately, Chansey is only in the Safari Zone.
Metal Powder -- Appears on Ditto. Best place to farm them is Pokemon Mansion 1F.
Quick Claw -- Appears on Sandshrew, Sandslash and Meowth. Best place to farm them is Route 8.
Smoke Ball -- Appears on Koffing and Weezing. Best place to farm them is Pokemon Mansion (all floors).
Thick Club -- Appears on Cubone. Best place to farm them is Navel Rock, floors 1F and 2F.
Grip Claw -- Appears on Sandshrew and Sandslash. Best place to farm them is Mt. Moon B1F or Pummelo Island.

5. Rare goods to sell.
Pearl -- Appears on Shellder and Cloyster. Best place to farm them is fishing on Valencia Island, Ascorbia Island or Kumquat Island. Common item.
Stardust -- Appears on Staryu. Best place to farm them is fishing on Element Islands. Common Item.
Tiny Mushroom -- Appears on Paras and Parasect. Best place to farm them is Ascorbia Island. Common item.
Big Mushroom -- Appears on Paras and Parasect. Best place to farm them is Ascorbia Island.
Nugget -- Appears on Grimer and Muk. Best place to farm them is the Gringey City Power Plant. Note that these Pokemon can have the Sticky Hold ability which makes Thief fail.
Big Pearl -- Appears on Shellder and Cloyster. Best place to farm them is fishing on Valencia Island, Ascorbia Island or Kumquat Island.
Star Piece -- Appears on Staryu. Best place to farm them is fishing on Element Islands.
Balm Mushroom -- Appears on Paras and Parasect. Best place to farm them is Ascorbia Island. Rare item.
Comet Shard -- Appears on Clefairy and Clefable. Best place to farm them is Mt Moon 1F. Rare item.

Once you get what you want, continue north from Cherrygrove City to Route 30.

---------
ROUTE 30:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Ledyba, Hoothoot, Spinarak, Caterpie, Weedle, Metapod, Kakuna, Pidgey. Level 7-8.

Three visible items on the path, a Potion, an Antidote and a Poke Ball.

Next to a house is an Apricorn tree which will give you a random Apricorn.

There are a total of 5 trainers on the route. Two of them are in the eastern grassy section.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Bailey
Bellossom LV 6 x2 (Belle & Bella)

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Arielle
Ledyba LV 4 x6

The other side of the route has 2 others.
Youngster Joe
Rattata LV 7

Youngster Mikey
Pidgey LV 6
Rattata LV 7

At the top of the route there is another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Muchmoney
Snubbull LV 7

At the end of the route is a gate. Continue west to Violet City.

------------
VIOLET CITY:
------------
Fishing: Magikarp and *Marill.
If you have a Sea Incense, you can breed Marill to get Azurill.

There's a Potion north of where you come in. You have to go around the Pokemon Centre to reach it.
There's another Apricorn Tree in the SW part of the city.
There's a hidden Poke Ball in the NW corner of the island in the lake.

The school (house north of the Pokecenter) has a trainer inside.

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Zackie
Bellsprout LV 8

The NW house has a guy who wants to trade your Bellsprout for his Onix.

The gym is blocked because there’s something going on at the Sprout Tower. Go there and you'll fight TR again.

ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Arbok LV 40
Lickitung LV 38
Victreebel LV 38
Weezing LV 40

There are two old guys at the top. Talk to the left one to fight him and get TM70 (Flash) as a reward.
Gentleman Li
Bellsprout LV 12

Now you can enter the gym.

The gym has two trainers and Falkner.
Bird Keeper Abe
Spearow LV 11
 
Bird Keeper Rod
Pidgey LV 9 x2

Now you can fight Falkner.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER FALKNER (3v3)
Hoothoot LV 11
Dodrio LV 13
Pidgeot LV 13

Beat him for Zephyr Badge and TM40 (Aerial Ace).

Like Kanto, Johto features a system where you can teleport from a town with a pokemon centre to another. Now that you’ve beaten Falkner, the Johto Teleport System starts to work now, connecting Cherrygrove City and Violet City.

There are two routes leading from Violet City: Route 32 to the south and Route 36 through the gate building to the west. Let's start west.

---------
ROUTE 36:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Pidgey, Hoothoot, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Vulpix, Growlithe, Stantler (rare). Level 6-11.

There is a trainer here in the northern grass patch.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Wilhomena
Marill LV 10

The way west is blocked. However, we can still visit the Ruins of Alph to the south.

--------------
RUINS OF ALPH:
--------------
Outside of the ruins itself is a Move Tutor for Wonder Room.

The cave contains nothing but Unown (Level 11). There are four items -- Leppa Berry is left from the entrance, the other 3 (Stardust, Great Ball, and TM16 (Lunge)) are on the linear path through the ruins.

I suggest having an empty spot in your party. Catch one extra Unown, put it in the front spot and give it to the man in the house next to the ruins to obtain a Psychic Gem.

That's all we can do here for now (though you might want to search the ruins for a while to register all 28 forms of Unown into your Pokedex -- no need to catch or even defeat them, you just have to meet them), so return to Violet City and go south to Route 32.

---------
ROUTE 32:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Hoothoot, *Mareep, *Sentret, Oddish, Diglett, Gloom, Primeape, Machoke, *Hitmonlee, *Hitmonchan, Vileplume. Level 8-10.
Fishing: Magikarp and Goldeen.

Many new Pokemon here. Note that you can breed Hitmonlee or Hitmonchan with Ditto to obtain Tyrogue, who you can then evolve into Hitmontop. That requires its ATK and DEF to be the same, so it might require some finagling.

Talk to the first guy you meet to obtain a Miracle Seed. Then, fight three trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Mr. Parker
Gligar LV 12

MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Mariah
Hoppip LV 11
Oddish LV 11

MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Sonrisa
Sunflora LV 11 (Sunny)
Sunflora LV 11 x2

Then there will be a big patch of tall grass on the left. A Super Potion is hidden on the only non-grass tile inside.

A Great Ball is hidden on the tile just in front of the cave entrance.

Enter the cave (Charicific Valley). Before fighting the woman, go to the right to find TM43 (Flame Charge). You won't be allowed to pass unless you have a Charizard with you. If you do, the woman will fight you.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Liza
Charizard LV 50 (Charla)

After you beat her, she'll join the ranks of the Day Care trainers. There’s not much else here, so head back to Route 32.
After that, Route 32 splits a bit. Left path (over land) contains a trainer and ends with a Great Ball.
Lass Mary
Mareep LV 12 (Fluffy)

The right part (The bridge) starts with a guy who gives you a Heart Scale and continues with three trainers.
Fisherman Henry
Poliwag LV 10 x2

Fisherman Justin
Magikarp LV 17

Fisherman Ralph
Goldeen LV 12

Then there’s two more trainers and you're done with this route.
ICONIC BATTLE
Super Nerd Shingo
Scizor LV 14 (Blade)

Bird Keeper Peter
Pidgey LV 12
Pidgey LV 13
Spearow LV 13

Continue south to Route 33.

---------
ROUTE 33:
---------
Weather forecast: Often rainy
Wild Pokemon: *Pineco, Mareep, Sentret, Oddish, Hoothoot, Diglett. Level 11-16.

Go to the right. You'll find an ICONIC LV 15 Cyndaquil that’s being guarded by a trainer. Fight him and take Cyndaquil with you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Tamer Koji
Sandslash LV 15

Continue west to the Azalea Town.

------------
AZALEA TOWN:
------------
Weather forecast: Sometimes Rainy
West of the house with a yellow roof and a chimney is a Full Heal hidden in a rock. You can talk to the guy inside of the house for a Charcoal.

A man in PokeMart will give you a Blue Apricorn.

There's also Slowpoke Well here, which is exactly what it says -- a small cave with nothing but Slowpokes inside. If you want more Lagging Tails for some reason, this is the best place to farm them.

In the NW corner is Kurt's house. There's another Apricorn tree there. Unfortunately you can't get inside because Brock blocks the door. Fight him and he'll move.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Onix LV 45
Geodude LV 43
Vulpix LV 42
Zubat LV 41
Pineco LV 16

Go inside and talk to Kurt. Give him your GS Ball and you'll get a Lure Ball and a Fast Ball in return.
You can now give Apricorns to Kurt and he'll make special Pokeballs from them:
Black Apricorn -> Heavy Ball
Blue Apricorn -> Lure Ball
Green Apricorn -> Friend Ball
Pink Apricorn -> Love Ball
Red Apricorn -> Level Ball 
White Apricorn -> Fast Ball
Yellow Apricorn -> Moon Ball

Of course, you will eventually encounter a shop that sells these types of Poké Balls without going through any of that "once per day" thing. And they are actually pretty cheap. So yeah, Kurt’s pretty useless.

Go to the gym. It has 4 trainers plus Bugsy.
Bug Catcher Al
Caterpie LV 15
Weedle LV 15

Bug Catcher Josh
Paras LV 15

Bug Catcher Benny
Weedle LV 12
Kakuna LV 14
Beedrill LV 16

Bug Catcher Chaz
Ledyba LV 13
Spinarak LV 13

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BUGSY (3v3)
Spinarak LV 17
Metapod LV 17
Scyther LV 20

Beat him for the Hive Badge and TM81 (X-Scissor). Azalea Town will be connected to the Johto teleport system.

Once you do both quests in this town (Gym and GS Ball handoff), you can leave through the western exit to Ilex Forest.

-----------------------
ILEX FOREST (1st Part):
-----------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Farfetch'd, *Snubbull, Hoothoot, Pidgey, *Houndour, Beedrill, *Eevee, Onix, Noctowl, Ursaring. Level 13-17.

Note Eevee, especially. You probably have, or can grab, evolution stones to get Vaporeon, Jolteon, and Flareon.
Espeon and Umbreon require happiness and Eevee needs to be levelled up at day or night respectively.
There are 2 ways to get Leafeon: Use a Leaf Stone on Eevee, or level Eevee up near a Mossy Rock. The first Mossy Rock is in Hoenn, so use a Leaf Stone if you want Leafeon now.
There are also 2 ways to get Glaceon (like Leafeon): Use an Ice Stone on Eevee, or level Eevee up near an Icy Rock. Unlike Leafeon however, you can't obtain it right now since you can't actually buy Ice Stones until you get to Sinnoh. Coincidentally, the first Ice Rock location is in Sinnoh so either way you'll have to wait until you can get Glaceon.
For Sylveon, you need MAX friendship and a Fairy type move. This will have priority over Espeon and Umbreon, so if you want either of them, make sure your Eevee doesn’t have any Fairy type moves.

Also note that Farfetch'd can have Leek -- try to get one from them for your own Farfetch'd!

Go and fight the first trainer.
Bug Catcher Wayne
Paras LV 16
Ledyba LV 16

At the fork, go right. There's another trainer and a Revive.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Sylvester
Farfetch'd LV 17

Go to the left and grab a Full Heal hidden on the second empty tile from the left inside a grass patch. Continue past another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Miki
Skarmory LV 17

Then grab a visible item (Soothe Bell). Continue south and west to Pokemon Swap Meet.

------------------
POKEMON SWAP MEET:
------------------
You start next to an Apricorn Shop. It sells:
Red Apricorn - 100
Blue Apricorn - 100
Yellow Apricorn - 100
Green Apricorn - 100
Pink Apricorn - 100
White Apricorn - 100
Black Apricorn - 100

Along the path is:

A Pokemon Centre -- nothing too interesting. It's not even a part of the teleport system, but at least you can fly there.

A guy who will battle you if you have a Tauros as your front Pokemon.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Fernando
Tauros LV 45

When you beat him, he will give you a Life Orb. Afterwards, he'll offer to trade your Tauros for his Nidoqueen.

Sidenote: The Life Orb has been fixed as of 3.0 - the recoil for using it is now around 1/10th of your Pokemon's HP rather than just 1 HP like it used to be.

Next is a girl who offers to trade your Corsola for her Lickitung.

Next is another vendor:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350
Berry Juice - 100

Probably moved here from the Indigo Plateau...

Near the fountain are two more traders: one trades your Tauros for their Rhyhorn, and the other trades your Ninetales for their Porygon (chance for those of you who didn't feel like grinding 9999 coins).

On the right is another vendor with Indigo Plateau goods:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

And further right is a guy who trades your Butterfree for his Bellossom.

The NW part has two more traders: your Teddiursa for his Igglybuff and your Mankey for her Aipom.

There's also a Biker Move Tutor who can teach your Pokemon the move Roost.

Aidan is at the burning house in NW corner (don't worry, it's just a drill). If you have a Squirtle, Wartortle, or Blastoise with you, he will let you train your Pokemon, either here or at his home on Ascorbia Island. Like with Anthony, the Pokemon deposited at one location can be picked up at another.

This is all here (no Incense shop, sadly). Continue NE to the next part of Ilex Forest.

-----------------------
ILEX FOREST (2nd Part):
-----------------------
Near the start, you'll encounter Misty again and fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Misty
Staryu LV 46
Poliwhirl LV 20
Togepi LV 17

Once you defeat her, you'll meet the ICONIC LV 15 Totodile -- another gift pokemon. This one even comes in a fancy Lure Ball!

Head on up the path and choose the north branch, past another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Painter Trixie
Azumarill LV 16
Pidgey LV 15 x2
Marill LV 15
Golduck LV 15
Machoke LV 15

Continue along the path. There's a dead end with a trainer.
Bug Catcher Henery
Hoothoot LV 17

Beyond him, there's yet ANOTHER gift pokemon. This time it's Ash's famous ICONIC LV 18 Noctowl. It even has a nice shine to it!

Next, head back to the main path and grab an item along the way (Big Mushroom). There is a Move Tutor standing by the gate that can teach your Pokemon Headbutt.
Head through the gate house to Route 34.

---------
ROUTE 34:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Girafarig, Sandshrew, Sentret, Paras, Voltorb, Oddish, Exeggcute, Slowpoke, Gloom, Fearow. Level 15-17.
Fishing: Krabby and Staryu.

Note: Girafarigs may have a Persim Berry, you might want to get some for your collection.

There are 7 trainers on this route.
Youngster Samuel
Alolan Rattata LV 16
Alolan Sandshrew LV 16
Spearow LV 16 x2

Poke Maniac Brandon
Snubbull LV 16
Mareep LV 16

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Cherry
Girafarig LV 18

Camper Todd
Psyduck LV 17

MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Olesia
Wooper LV 14
Wooper LV 15
Wooper LV 16

Biker Kutz
Natu LV 2

Gentleman Keith
Growlithe LV 21

The patch of grass on the right of where you enter has a hidden Super Potion in the NW corner.

In the big grass patch on the left is a girl who will give you a Mystic Water.

Close to the fence, there's an empty tile in the grass. It hides a Rare Candy.

The last grass patch has a visible Nugget.

Continue north to Goldenrod City.

---------------
GOLDENROD CITY:
---------------
This is a big city with lots to do.

The house on the east side of the city has a retired Stats Judge, who became obsolete when you could see your Pokémon’s IVs and EVs from the summary screen. However, if you talk to him, the next wild Pokémon you’ll find will be a “Brilliant Pokémon”. And he’ll reset every day as well! I’ll refer to them as Brilliant Judges from now on.

Go to the Bike Shop. The guy inside will give you TM36 (Sludge Bomb).

A Move Tutor west of the Game Corner will teach your Pokemon Snatch.

DJ Mary in the Radio Tower will give you Wide Lens.

The house in the NW part of the city has another Name Rater.

The house next to the Gym is a flower shop, selling:
Growth Mulch - 200
Damp Mulch - 200
Stable Mulch - 200
Gooey Mulch - 200

Outside it is a Flaaffy that’ll give you an Eviolite.

There is a tunnel connecting the north and south part of the city. 4 trainers are inside. From top to bottom, the are: 
Super Nerd Teru
Magnemite LV 17 x3
Voltorb LV 19

Pokemon Maniac Issac
Lickitung LV 19 (Shiny)

Pokemon Maniac Donald
Slowpoke LV 18 x2

Super Nerd Eric
Grimer LV 18 x2

In a side branch is a Revive, and right left to it, a hidden Max Ether.

There is a Game Corner here, like in Celadon City. Its Pokemon are:
Igglybuff - 180 coins
Cleffa - 500 coins
*Larvitar - 2800 coins
*Gligar - 5500 coins
*Wobbuffet - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Exp. Candy M - 250 coins
Exp. Candy L - 500 coins
Exp. Candy XL - 1000 coins
PP Up - 1000 coins
PP Max - 4000 coins

There will eventually be a gift Wynaut, so you don't have to get a Wobbuffet here. Larvitar and Gligar are also catchable later; however, Gligar won't be catchable until 4th generation, so you might want to get one.

Next is the Department Store. It's similar to the one in Saffron City.

2F: A girl here will give you TM98 (Drill Peck).

Top cashier sells:
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000
Full Heal - 600

Bottom cashier sells:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Full Heal - 600
Escape Rope - 550
Max Repel - 700

3F: A girl behind the counter is a Move Tutor for Bind.

4F: A man will give you a free Dusk Stone.

The cashier here sells:
Poke Doll - 1000
Fire Stone - 2100
Thunder Stone - 2100
Water Stone - 2100
Leaf Stone - 2100
Sun Stone - 2100

5F: Two cashiers here. The top one sells:
HP Up - 9800
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Calcium - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Carbos - 9800

Bottom one sells:
X Attack - 500
X Defense - 550
X Speed - 350
X Sp.Atk - 350
X Sp.Def - 350
X Accuracy - 950
Guard Spec - 700
Dire Hit - 650

And that's all! The only thing to do is to hit the Gym. It contains 4 trainers plus Whitney.
Beauty Samantha
Meowth LV 21 x2

Beauty Victoria
Sentret LV 17
Sentret LV 19
Sentret LV 21

Lass Carrie
Snubbull LV 22

Lass Cathy
Jigglypuff LV 22 x3

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WHITNEY Round 1 (3v3)
Clefairy LV 23
Nidorina LV 23
Miltank LV 24

After you beat her, she'll tell you to meet her out on Route 35, so let's head north out of Goldenrod City.

---------
ROUTE 35:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Pidgey, Nidoran♀, *Yanma, Nidoran♂, Abra, Drowzee, Ditto, Hoothoot. Level 14-20.
Note that Yanma can hold a new item, Wide Lens -- you might want to grab one. But you have to go past 6 of the 8 trainers here to even get to some grass!

Beat the first trainer on the route.
Picnicker Kim
Vulpix LV 23

The way is now clear to face Whitney for a second time.

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WHITNEY Round 2 (3v1, her Miltank against three of your pokemon)
Miltank LV 26

Once you beat her, you'll get the Plain Badge and TM45 (Attract). Goldenrod City will be added to the Johto teleport system, but more importantly, the Magnet Train will now let you travel between Goldenrod City and Saffron City! This cuts travel time between regions considerably since you no longer have to walk over the Pokemon-infested route between New Bark Town and Cherrygrove City.

Finally, the guy on Route 36 FINALLY found his Pokeball and no longer blocks the route, so technically you could skip the rest of the trainers on Route 35 - but where’s the fun in that?

Continue on up through Route 35, beating trainers as you go.
Picnicker Brooke
Pikachu LV 23

MINOR ICONIC
Camper Ephraim
Skiploom LV 23 (Skippy)

MINOR ICONIC
Fisherman Andreas
Poliwrath LV 23

MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Zane
Ninetales LV 25

Juggler Irvin
Voltorb LV 14
Voltorb LV 18
Voltorb LV 20
Voltorb LV 24

The next trainer is in the grass patch. 
MINOR ICONIC
Bug Catcher Zachary
Yanma LV 24

Go south, then west, to find a Metal Coat in an enclosed area. Then go all the way south where you'll fight the eighth trainer and find a Dusk Stone.
MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Denjiro
Pidgey LV 22 x2
Pidgey LV 22 (Ken)

Head back to the main path, then go east to the National Park Entrance.

--------------
NATIONAL PARK:
--------------
Wild Pokemon: Pidgey, Caterpie, Weedle, *Sunkern, Metapod, Kakuna. Level 10-14.
Bug-catching Contest: Pineco, Weedle, Beedrill, Caterpie, Paras, Venomoth, Scyther, Spinarak, Pinsir. Level 15-18.

On Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday the Bug-catching contest takes place. You enter the Park with a single Pokemon and use Sport Balls to catch various Bug types. Note that you might try to get a Shed Shell from Venomoths here. If you win, you get a random evolution stone. This can be:
Fire Stone, Thunder Stone, Water Stone, Leaf Stone, or Sun Stone (we can already buy those).
Moon Stone (we can steal these from Clefairy and Clefable).
Dusk Stone, Dawn Stone, Shiny Stone, Oval Stone (we can't buy these yet; note that Oval Stone is necessary to evolve Happiny, if you got one).

Second prize is Everstone, third prize Sitrus Berry, and the consolation prize is Shed Shell.

In the north Pavillion is Casey, who will fight you again.
ICONIC BATTLE
Picnicker Casey
Bayleef LV 24
Pidgey LV 21
Rattata LV 21

Once you beat her, she will give you a Quick Claw if you give her a Beedrill. Do so if you catch an extra Beedrill in the Contest.

Apart from the contest, Sunkern might hold a Coba Berry, a new type.

There are four trainers in the park.
Super Nerd William
Raichu LV 24

Youngster Jack
Oddish LV 18
Voltorb LV 24

Beauty Beverly
Snubbull LV 23
Pinsir LV 23

Lass Krise
Oddish LV 23
Cubone LV 25

Go east from the Pavillion to Route 36.

---------
ROUTE 36:
---------
There are 2 trainers on the way through (to the spot where the boy looking for his Pokeball was blocking the way).
Psychic Mark
Abra LV 23 x2
Kadabra LV 25
Natu LV 23

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Benji
Ledian LV 26

The way north is blocked by a LV 20 Sudowoodo -- fight it and catch it. If you bought a Rock Incense, you can use it to breed a Bonsly.

After getting Sudowoodo, head back down and talk to the woman. She’ll give you a Pecha Berry. Continue northwest and grab an Upgrade, which can be used with Porygon to evolve it. After that, take out the trainer north of you.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Lulu
Wobbuffet LV 26

Then northeast to the last trainer on this Route, who will give you an Old Amber when you beat him.
Super Nerd Foster
Omanyte LV 22
Omastar LV 24
Kabuto LV 22
Kabutops LV 24
Aerodactyl LV 25

This will allow you to get an Aerodactyl back in Pewter City.

Continue north to Route 37.

---------
ROUTE 37:
---------
Weather forecast: Occasionally rainy
Wild Pokemon: Ledyba, Pidgey, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Vulpix, Growlithe, Spinarak, Hoothoot, Pidgeotto, Stantler. Level 18-20.

Go north and beat the two trainers in a double battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Crush Kin Chigusa & Shiro
Hitmonlee LV 25
Hitmontop LV 25

Further north, you'll run into Gary, who's fighting with another trainer. Talk to him to get him to leave.

Get an Ether hidden in the flower left of the grass patch. Go north and fight two more trainers.
Beauty Callie
Clefable LV 24
Wigglytuff LV 24

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Anna
Zubat LV 26 (Mimi)

Go east, and jump down the ledge into an area with two more trainers and three Apricorn trees.
MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Tokichi
Ariados LV 24
Houndour LV 25
Hypno LV 25

Bug Catcher Doug (huh, we might have seen him before...)
Beedrill LV 26
Yanma LV 24
Paras LV 24

Go through the route north again and enter Ecruteak City.

--------------
ECRUTEAK CITY:
--------------
Weather: Sometimes foggy.
Fishing: Poliwag.

First things first, there are three hidden items: a Hyper Potion between purple flowers, one tile NW from the signpost with the city name, an Ultra Ball in the flower box next to a house to the north of that, and a Rare Candy between two purple flowers by the pond.

The Kimono Dance Theatre (the house with a sign next to it) contains five battles against five trainers once you step inside.
MINOR ICONIC SET
Kimono Girls:
Satsuki - Jolteon LV 26
Sumomo - Vaporeon LV 26
Tamao - Umbreon LV 26
Koume - Flareon LV 26
Sakura - Eevee LV 26

When you beat them, you get TM30 (Shadow Ball).

The house to the left contains a guy who gives you the Itemfinder.

You can't get into the Gym, so go north to the Burned Tower. The moment you enter, you'll see a scene and get into another fight with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Arbok LV 42
Victreebel LV 40
Weezing LV 42
Wobbuffet LV 20

After you beat them, Morty returns to the Gym, so that you can go and challenge it.

Burned Tower also contains some wild Pokemon: Gastly, Haunter, Rattata, Zubat, Koffing, and Magmar, at levels 17-22.

The Gym contains 4 trainers plus Morty. There’s also a permanent Misty Terrain in battles here.
Channeler Martha
Gastly LV 26
Gastly LV 28
Haunter LV 28

Channeler Georgina
Gastly LV 23
Gastly LV 24
Gastly LV 25
Gastly LV 26
Gastly LV 27

Channeler Edith
Haunter LV 29

Channeler Grace
Haunter LV 27 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER MORTY (3v3)
Gastly LV 31
Haunter LV 31
Gengar LV 32

Beat him to get Fog Badge and TM65 (Shadow Claw). Ecruteak City is added to the Johto Teleport System. At this point the Hoothoot in New Bark Town has evolved into a Noctowl - interacting with it again will give you a Charti Berry.

The way east is blocked, so go west to Route 38.

---------
ROUTE 38:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Teddiursa, *Murkrow, *Dunsparce, Spinarak, Sunkern, Sunflora, Ursaring, Wobbuffet (rare). Level 15-22
Fishing: *Remoraid.

If you are frustrated by Wobbuffet's rarity, don't worry -- there will be a gift Wynaut later (in the 3rd generation).

Apart from some new Pokemon, there are 5 trainers and 3 items.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Pollockson
Smeargle LV 28 x3

Lady Dana
Magnemite LV 27 x2
Electrode LV 27 x2
Magneton LV 27
Electabuzz LV 27

MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Rory
Swinub LV 27 (Su)
Swinub LV 27 (Ein)
Swinub LV 27 (Ub)
Graveler LV 26

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Temacu
Nidorina LV 28
Nidorino LV 28

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Ramona
Arcanine LV 28
Arcanine LV 29
Arcanine LV 30

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Bucky
Caterpie LV 28
Dunsparce LV 28

2 items are visible, and in the same grass patch: a Lax Incense (top) and a Shiny Stone (bottom). Lax Incense could be bought previously at Indigo Plateau, but here it is for free -- you can use it to breed Wynauts if you got yourself a Wobbuffet.
The third item is a HP up, hidden in the tile next to the red flower to the left of the pond.

Continue west to Route 39.

---------
ROUTE 39:
---------
Weather forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokemon: *Aipom, *Smeargle, *Miltank, Ledian, *Natu, Azumarill, Rhydon, *Kecleon, Exeggutor, *Hoppip (quite rare). Level 17-23.
Fishing: Seaking and Remoraid.

Note that Natu has Teleport and can flee from the battle. If you got a Wobbuffet, you can use it to prevent this.

First, let's head west. There are two trainers on this path.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Gan Gogh
Venusaur LV 31

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Pietra
Marill LV 29
Graveler LV 28
Dugtrio LV 28
Dugtrio LV 29
Sandslash LV 29
Rhydon LV 25

The fenced area contains two hidden items. Their location is hard to describe (you might want to use the Itemfinder here), but I'll try:

To find the first item, line yourself horizontally with the right edge of the grass patch to the south. The line yourself vertically with the top right flower in the meadow to the right. You are now standing one tile south of the item (X Attack).

The second item is three tiles southwest from the first item. It's a PP Up.

Apart from these two hidden items, there's also a visible item in the grass patch further south. It's a Nugget.

In the NW corner of the route is a house. Once you enter, you have to beat five trainers inside in order to get to the prize (a King's Rock). You are suggested to bring a heavy Pokemon. The heaviest Pokemon that you can have at this point is a Snorlax (460.0 kg), which is what Ash chooses to use in the anime. Second best choice is Steelix (if you have stolen some Metal Coats and evolved an Onix) with 400.0 kg, and third best choice is Golem (300.0 kg). It will somewhat help against Heavy Slams you'll face here, but it's far from necessary.
MINOR ICONIC SET
Black Belt Harold
Machamp LV 42

Black Belt Jay
Arcanine LV 44

Black Belt Matt
Nidoking LV 44

Black Belt Jaun
Golem LV 45

Black Belt Raiden
Feraligatr LV 48

Note that you can only enter Sumo Competition once. Continue south.

There are four trainers on the main north-south path.
MINOR ICONIC
Psychic McKenzie
Natu LV 30 (Naughty)

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Skyler
Fearow LV 30

MINOR ICONIC
Poke Maniac Brad Van Darn
Smoochum LV 30

Poke Maniac Dez
Pikachu LV 31

There is a final double battle right before you enter Olivine City.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Madison & Lady Alexa
Kecleon LV 31 (Reddy) (Shiny)
Kecleon LV 31 (Greeny)

Continue south to Olivine City.

-------------
OLIVINE CITY:
-------------
Weather forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Fishing: Krabby and Marill.

A guy in a house in the NE corner will trade your Krabby for his Voltorb. In the dead end to the right of it, there is a hidden Rare Candy.

A girl at the south edge of the town will give you a Soothe Bell. This item increases happiness when a Pokemon holds it -- you can use it to more easily achieve happiness evolutions.

A Move Tutor for Low Sweep is in the house west of the Pokemon Centre.

The Gym is inaccessible, so go to the Glitter Lighthouse in the SE corner of the city.
GLITTER LIGHTHOUSE:
1F: 2 trainers, nothing else.
Sailor Heuy
Poliwag LV 28
Poliwhirl LV 29

Gentleman Alfred
Noctowl LV 31

2F: 3 trainers and an item (Ether).
Bird Keeper Denis
Spearow LV 30 x2
Fearow LV 31

Bird Keeper Theo
Pidgey LV 30
Pidgey LV 28
Pidgey LV 27 x2
Pidgey LV 29

Sailor Kent
Krabby LV 28 x2

3F: 2 trainers.
Gentleman Preston
Growlithe LV 29 x2

Lass Connie
Marill LV 32

4F: 2 trainers and an item (Super Potion).
Sailor Terrell
Poliwhirl LV 32

Sailor Roberto
Machop LV 32 x2
Poliwhirl LV 32

5F: Jasmine is here. She'll tell you that Amphy, her Ampharos, is sick. You'll need to get some medicine from Cianwood City.

Once you talk to Jasmine, take the lift down by talking to the sailor in front of it. The ship in the harbour will take you to Cianwood City!

--------------
CIANWOOD CITY:
--------------
Fishing: Poliwag and Shellder.

There is a move tutor for Earth Power northwest of where you land.

Two of the rocks here contain hidden items: Go north from where you landed, then left when you hit the sea. First rock you pass directly next contains a Max Ether. Then go to the very north of the city, but talk to a Seadra on the way for a Water Gem. There are four rocks on a ledge. A Revive is hidden in the second rock from the left. Also be sure to grab the light clay right next to it.

A house with a sign is a Pharmacy. Talk to the clerk to send medicine to Jasmine's Ampharos. You can also buy stuff here:
Energy Powder - 500
Heal Powder - 450
Energy Root - 800
Revival Herb - 2800
Poke Ball - 200

Herbs are powerful, but they decrease the happiness of Pokemon you use them on, so bear that in mind.

Well, the ship has conveniently broken down and not even the teleport in the Pokemon Centre works. We'll have to hit the gym.

The Gym has 4 trainers (first two will fight you together, and second two can as well) plus Chuck.
Black Belts Yoshi and Lao
Hitmonlee LV 33
Hitmonchan LV 33

Black Belt Nob
Machop LV 32
Machoke LV 32

Black Belt Lung
Mankey LV 32
Mankey LV 32 (Shiny)
Primeape LV 35

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CHUCK (2v2)
Poliwrath LV 35
Machoke LV 37

Beating him gives you the Storm Badge and TM31 (Brick Break).

The Johto teleport system hasn’t been updated to let you teleport back to Olivine City, but the ship works, so take that. Except that instead of Olivine City, you'll end up on Red Rock Isle.

--------------
RED ROCK ISLE:
--------------
Fishing: Seel and Krabby.

There is a second ship here, ready to take you around the Whirl Islands. There are four in total: Red Rock Isle, Yellow Rock Isle, Blue Rock Isle, and Ogi Isle. Before you hit any of the islands, however, there are some trainers to fight here. 
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Marcellus
Octillery LV 35
Octillery LV 34 x3

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Wilbur
Pidgey LV 33 (Orville)
Pidgey LV 33
Pidgey LV 34
Pidgey LV 32

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Dayton
Chinchou LV 35 (Bright)

Once you're done, head to Yellow Rock Isle.

-----------------
YELLOW ROCK ISLE:
-----------------
Fishing: *Corsola.
Note that Corsola may hold a Hard Stone, an item that powers up Rock moves -- you might want to get it.

There are two trainers here, one of which is Misty.
MINOR ICONIC
Swimmer Luka
Magikarp LV 35 x3

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Misty
Goldeen LV 42
Staryu LV 46
Poliwhirl LV 32
Psyduck LV 46
Corsola LV 30

In the dead end in the northwest corner of the island, there is a hidden Hyper Potion.

---------------
BLUE ROCK ISLE:
---------------
Fishing: Horsea, Goldeen.

This island has two visible items: A Zinc in SW corner and a Lum Berry in NE corner.

Talk to the woman at the north edge and you'll be registered for the Whirl Cup. You have to beat Misty before she lets you register.

Go back to Red Rock Isle and talk to the guy at the north edge, close to a ship. He'll transport you to the Whirl Cup. The Whirl Cup is a series of four trainer battles. After beating each trainer, talk to them to get to the next fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Fisherman Christopher
Kingdra LV 36

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Misty
Poliwhirl LV 32
Psyduck LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Trinity
Gyarados LV 40
Chinchou LV 35

ICONIC BATTLE
Fisherman Pent
Feraligatr LV 38

At the end you'll get a Mystic Water.

Even after you win, the ship to Olivine City still doesn’t work, so let's go to Ogi Isle instead.

---------
OGI ISLE:
---------
Fishing: Tentacool.

Now that you've beaten the Whirl Cup, Lugia appears on this Isle. Before you approach it though, beat the trainers near the boat, including your old friend Ritchie, from the Indigo League.
MINOR ICONIC
Tuber Oliver
Lanturn LV 36

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Jenaro
Sandslash LV 36

ICONIC BATTLE
Picnicker Ritchie
Charmeleon LV 46 (Zippo)
Pikachu LV 47 (Sparky)
Pupitar LV 31 (Cruise)
Butterfree LV 45 (Happy)

After you beat Ritchie, proceed up the hill and face the TR members trying to steal Lugia. First up is a double battle with Butch and Cassidy.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Butch & Cassidy (Double Battle)
Primeape LV 35
Hitmontop LV 35
Raticate LV 35
Houndour LV 35

After beating them, confront the scientist in another battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Namba
Electabuzz LV 37

After you beat him, TR will leave, letting you meet, fight, and capture Lugia. Be sure to save the game first. It's only level 35 while previous legendaries were 50, so it will be a bit easier. However, it does have Safeguard, which means that you won't be able to paralyze it, put it to sleep, etc.

Note: If you want catching Lugia even easier, wait until you get access to specialised balls. I recommend using Heavy Balls if you decide to wait.

There are several new things now. For one, you can go back to Olivine City by going back to Red Rock Isle then taking the other boat. The same boat will also now connect to Cianwood City, Red Rock Isle, and Vermilion City (and the ship in Vermilion City that goes to Cinnabar Island and Valencia Island will now travel to Olivine City as well).

But more importantly, the next part of the Safari Zone is unlocked!

------------------
SAFARI ZONE JOHTO:
------------------
The top right exit from the main Safari Zone is now open.

Wild Pokemon: Elekid, Magby, *Smoochum, Houndour, Mareep, *Shuckle, Jumpluff, Murkrow, Furret, Larvitar, *Misdreavus (rare), Wobbuffet (rare). Level 30-38.
Fishing: Wooper and *Chinchou.

We never found Jynx, so this is the first encounter with that family. Elekid and Magby are new if you haven't bred Electabuzz and Magmar. Lots of Pokemon to catch, at any rate.

There are also 3 items here - a Zinc, a Thunder Stone and a hidden Nugget. To find the Nugget, start by going 2 steps to the right and 4 steps up from the top right corner of the 2x2 square of sand on the left side of the area. It will be in the tile in front of you.

Once you're done, return to Olivine City. Both Olivine City and Cianwood City are now accessible through Johto teleport system.
OLIVINE CITY:
The path to the Gym is now blocked by Brock. Beat him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock:
Onix LV 47
Geodude LV 44
Crobat LV 43
Pineco LV 33

The Gym itself has just 2 trainers + Jasmine.
Lass Coco
Skarmory LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Janina
Onix LV 37

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER JASMINE (2v2)
Magnemite LV 36
Steelix LV 38

Beating Jasmine gets you Mineral Badge and TM91 (Flash Cannon). It also earns you a rematch with Sakura from the Kimono Girls in Ecruteak City, so go there. The Kimono Girls are in the house north of the Pokecenter.
MINOR ICONIC
Kimono Girl Sakura
Espeon LV 36

Raikou, Entei, and Suicune now appear in the Burned Tower and can be fought and caught. Note that they are level 35 and Raikou and Entei have Roar -- you need a Pokemon with level higher than 35, otherwise they can kick you out of the battle. Although you can catch them now, I would recommend waiting until you can get access to specialised balls. Fast Balls should be used for Raikou and Entei, and Net Balls for Suicune.

Whether you decide to catch them or not, continue east to Route 42, fighting the trainer that now guards the entrance.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Eusine
Alakazam LV 37

---------
ROUTE 42:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Exeggcute, *Kangaskhan, Tyrogue, Natu, Aipom, Mankey, Primeape, Xatu, Butterfree, Sandshrew, Tauros (rare), Teddiursa (rare). Level 28-31.
Fishing: Skiploom and Wooper.

Note that the only grass patch is almost at the end of the route. Kangaskhan is the only new Pokemon here, but you might want to grab a Tyrogue if you haven't bred your own yet.

First of all, grab a Max Potion hidden in a boulder north of you. Then talk to the gentleman; he will give you an ICONIC Phanpy egg (it will hatch pretty quickly, too).

There's also a Day Care here, mysteriously connected to all other Pokemon training spots.

Going east, you will see a group of 3 rocks. A Super Potion is hidden in the leftmost one.

Next is a small grove with 3 Apricorn trees. Continuing past it around the 2nd lake you'll face a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Kiyo
Hitmonlee LV 36
Hitmonchan LV 36
Mankey LV 34
Primeape LV 34
Tyrogue LV 35

At the next lake is a trainer with a Water Stone next to him.
Fisherman Tully
Qwilfish LV 37

Later yet, you'll find 2 more trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Calista
Xatu LV 36 (Xatu One)
Xatu LV 36 (Xatu Two)
Xatu LV 36 (Xatu Three)

Hiker Benjamin
Diglett LV 35
Geodude LV 35
Dugtrio LV 37

...and that's all. Continue east and north to Route 43.

---------
ROUTE 43:
---------
Weather forecast: Occasionally rainy
Wild Pokemon: Caterpie, Weedle, Teddiursa, Oddish, Spinarak, Rattata, Aipom. Level 28-32.

Once you enter this route, you'll encounter TR for another battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Arbok LV 44
Weezing LV 44
Victreebel LV 41
Wobbuffet LV 25

After that, there are 5 other TR trainers (two of them ambush you together).
TR Ashley
Houndoom LV 36
Houndour LV 36
Ariados LV 37

TR John
Forretress LV 37
Electrode LV 37

TR Barry
Golbat LV 36
Raticate LV 36
Zubat LV 36 x2

TR Adam and TR Eve
Nidoking LV 35 - Pinsir LV 36
Nidoqueen LV 35 - Jynx LV 36

There's also one visible item (a Max Ether). Continue north to Lake of Rage.

-------------
LAKE OF RAGE:
-------------
Weather forecast: Rainy
Fishing: Magikarp.

Start by going north along the west side of the lake. There will be another TR trainer, and then a Full Heal.
TR Marge
Quagsire LV 39

Continue along the shore until your path is blocked with a boulder. A Max Revive is hidden in it.

When you go along the right path, you will find three more TR trainers and a Rare Candy.
TR Su
Gyarados LV 36 x2

TR Brett
Qwilfish LV 36
Golbat LV 36
Drowzee LV 37

TR Richard
Hypno LV 33
Murkrow LV 33

Once you try to go north, you'll encounter Lance who'll give you a choice: fight/catch a LV 30 Shiny Gyarados or a TR trainer. Note that Lance will give you a Master Ball for beating the trainer, so it's not a trivial choice!
MINOR ICONIC
TR Tyson
Fearow LV 35 x2 

Afterwards, you can continue east to Mahogany Town.

--------------
MAHOGANY TOWN:
--------------
Weather forecast: Occasionally rainy

This is a very small town -- there's nothing to do here but hit the gym.

The gym contains 5 trainers plus Pryce.
Gambler Ronald
Seel LV 38 x2
Dewgong LV 39

Crush Girl Roxanne
Jynx LV 40

Gambler Brad
Shellder LV 37
Seel LV 37
Cloyster LV 38

Crush Girl Jill
Dewgong LV 40

Gambler Patton
Swinub LV 38 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER PRYCE (2v2)
Dewgong LV 37
Piloswine LV 40

When you beat him, he will give you Glacier Badge plus TM07 (Hail). Mahogany Town will also be added to the Johto teleport system.

Continue east to Route 44.

---------
ROUTE 44:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Oddish, Cleffa, Magcargo, Clefairy, Gloom, Aipom, Parasect, Vileplume, Bellossom, Spinarak, Ursaring (fairly rare). Level 30-34.
Fishing: Chinchou and *Qwilfish.

If you haven't bred Clefairy yet, here's your chance to get a Cleffa. Magcargo is here, but you can catch a Slugma later.

The route starts with an Apricorn tree. Soon afterwards, it splits in a northern and southern path.

Northern path: An item (an Ultra Ball) and three trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Egan
Flareon LV 41
Magcargo LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Delaney
Poliwrath LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Madeleine
Slowbro LV 43

Southern path: Item in the grass (an Elixir), seven trainers and another item (Max Repel).
MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Steven
Oddish LV 38 x2
Oddish LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Brittany
Igglybuff LV 40 x2 (Gigglybiff & Gigglybuff)

MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Lily
Murkrow LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Tammy
Politoed LV 40 (Bean)
Jumpluff LV 38
Sunflora LV 38
Bellossom LV 38

Cool Trainer Cybil
Mareep LV 41
Bellossom LV 41

Cool Trainer Allen
Charmeleon LV 40
Magnemite LV 40

Fisherman Wilton
Goldeen LV 39 x2
Seaking LV 39

One last trainer is at the end, close to the cave entrance.
Fisherman Edgar
Remoraid LV 39 x2

Enter the Ice Cave.

---------
ICE CAVE:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Delibird, *Swinub, Aipom, Piloswine, *Sneasel, Jynx, Zubat. Level 32-35.

At the beginning of the cave is Nurse Joy who can heal your party.

This cave contains some ice sliding puzzles. There are three items inside: Never-Melt Ice, Iron, and TM63 (Crunch).

At the end, exit into Blackthorn City.

----------------
BLACKTHORN CITY:
----------------
Fishing: Magikarp and Poliwag.

Outside the cave is a Gible that’ll give you a Ground Gem.

The western house has a guy who will trade your Dodrio for his Dragonair.

The SW house has Move Relearner and Move Deleter.

The guy near the gym gives you a Dragon Scale. This will let you evolve Seadra.

The girl at the bottom is a move tutor for Dragon Pulse.

The gym contains 5 trainers (2 of which can be fought together), plus Clair.
Cool Trainer Paulo
Dratini LV 42
Dratini LV 43
Seadra LV 44

Cool Trainer Lola
Dratini LV 42 (shiny)
Dragonair LV 43
 
Cool Trainer Fran
Seadra LV 45

Cool Trainer Cody
Kingdra LV 45

Cool Trainer Mike
Dragonair LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CLAIR round 1 (3v1)
Kingdra LV 48

Clair, however, leaves early because of a disturbance at Dragon’s Den; behind the gym. Follow her out of the gym. There's now a bridge over water with Liza (Day Care) on the other bank. Enter the Dragon's Den.

-------------
DRAGON'S DEN:
-------------
Wild Pokemon: Dratini, Larvitar, Sentret, Rattata, Sunflora, Bellsprout, Dragonair, Seadra, Oddish. Level 32-35.

This would not be so bad if there was some more visibility. Maybe use Flash here? Step by step instructions:

Go up and fight a trainer.
Cool Trainer Piper
Horsea LV 40
Horsea LV 41
Seadra LV 43

Go right, up, and right again. You'll get to four piles of rocks. The southernmost one has a Revive.
Step one space down and fight a second trainer.
Cool Trainer Brit
Dratini LV 43
Larvitar LV 43

Go around the trainer all the way up and search the dead end to get a Max Ether. This path is blocked by the trainer so you can only get here after you fight him.
Go back to the crossroads left from the piles of rock.
Go left and up. You'll find the third (and last) trainer, as well as a visible item (a Max Potion).
Cool Trainer Kobe
Dragonair LV 45

Go down, left, and up. At the end of the corridor, go right.
There are three paths branching from the horizontal corridor you're in. The second one has a visible Calcium at the end. The third one leads to Dragon Holy Land.

-----------------
DRAGON HOLY LAND:
-----------------
Right upon entering, you'll be forced into yet another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Arbok LV 45
Weezing LV 45
Victreebel LV 43
Wobbuffet LV 28

Afterwards, talk to Clair to get a Dragon Fang. Clair will now return back to her Gym. Go back there and fight her again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CLAIR Round 2 (3v3)
Kingdra LV 48
Gyarados LV 48
Dragonair LV 50

You'll get the Rising Badge and TM02 (Dragon Claw).

Blackthorn City is now added to the Johto teleport system. The way east from Blackthorn City opens. It leads to Route 45, where you started Johto.

---------
ROUTE 45:
---------
The route is now fully open. The old man on this road is a Move Tutor for Heat Wave.

The Silver Conference is to the north, but before that, let's deal with the trainers on the upper part of this route.
ICONIC BATTLE
Picnicker Casey
Meganium LV 41
Beedrill LV 40
Elekid LV 40
Pidgey LV 38
Rattata LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Swimmer Dorian
Qwilfish LV 43
Mantine LV 43
Lanturn LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Nelson
Misdreavus LV 44

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Alice
Slowking LV 44 (Arthur)

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Satchel
Magmar LV 44

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Mason
Croconaw LV 44

After beating the last trainer, you will be able to grab the egg at the bottom of this route. It hatches almost immediately into an ICONIC Larvitar.

Go north to the Silver Conference.

------------------
SILVER CONFERENCE:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: Sneasel, Machoke, Machop, Voltorb, Murkrow, Misdreavus, Ponyta, Ursaring, Tangela, Onix, Larvitar (rare), Donphan (rare). Level 35-38.

Shops:

The top vendor sells:
Red Apricorn - 100
Blue Apricorn - 100
Yellow Apricorn - 100
Green Apricorn - 100
White Apricorn - 100
Pink Apricorn - 100
Black Apricorn - 100

The middle vendor sells:
Full Incense - 5000
Lax Incense - 5000
Luck Incense - 11000
Odd Incense - 2000
Pure Incense - 6000
Rock Incense - 2000
Rose Incense - 2000
Sea Incense - 2000
Wave Incense - 2000

Bottom left vendor sells:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350
Berry Juice - 100

And the bottom right vendor (TR) sells:
Cleanse Tag - 5000
Destiny Knot - 4000
EverStone - 2100
Poke Doll - 1000
Heart Scale - 100

Brock is in the grass and you can fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Breeder Brock
Onix LV 50
Geodude LV 46
Crobat LV 47
Forretress LV 43

Inside the League Building you start by meeting Gary. There is also Aidan who works as Day Care, a Pokemon Centre, and a guy on the far left who functions as a Poke Mart. Register in the lower left corner and talk to the person in the upper left corner.

In the first round, you must beat 3 trainers. 
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Youngster Salvador (1v1)
Furret LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE:
Lass Anna (1v1)
Machoke LV 46

LEAGUE BATTLE:
Youngster Evans (1v1)
Exeggutor LV 46

Second round (2nd guy from the left) is just a single trainer.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Lass Macey (3v3)
Slugma LV 47
Electabuzz LV 49
Quilava LV 47

After beating her, proceed to round three (second guy from the right).
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Cool Trainer Jackson (3v3)
Azumarill LV 47
Meganium LV 52
Magneton LV 49 (Shiny)

Fourth round (against Gary) is reached by talking to the middle guy.
MAJOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Rival Gary Oak
Nidoqueen LV 45
Blastoise LV 60
Golem LV 45
Arcanine LV 52
Scizor LV 47
Magmar LV 50

For the final round (against Harrison), talk to the middle guy again.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE:
Cool Trainer Harrison
Kecleon LV 47
Blaziken LV 61
Sneasel LV 48
Hypno LV 50
Houndoom LV 53
Steelix LV 50

All Pokémon in your party will have the Silver Ribbon on them afterwards.

And that's it - we never get to the Finals Stadium, unfortunately.

When you leave Silver Conference, Misty blocks your way and you have to fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Gym Leader Misty
Goldeen LV 45
Staryu LV 48
Psyduck LV 47
Politoed LV 47
Corsola LV 43

And that's it for Johto! We've passed through Gen 2!

Head back to Oak’s lab and talk to him for a new outfit. Then, you can also put the Hoenn hat on Pikachu from the left cap drawer in your room.

---------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 3: THE HOENN REGION
---------------------------------------

----------------
LITTLEROOT TOWN:
----------------
Fishing: *Wingull

Outside the Lab is a Taillow that’ll give you a Chople Berry.

Go to Professor Birch's Lab. You'll be thrown into a battle against May. DEMOLISH HER.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokemon Coordinator May
Torchic LV 5

Grab the Poke Ball with the Gift Torchic. The teleport in Professor Birch's Lab will now connect you with similar teleports in Kanto, Orange Islands, and Johto for fast inter-regional travel.

The north exit was previously blocked, but once you talk to Birch, you can go up to Route 101.

----------
ROUTE 101:
----------
Wild Pokemon: *Poochyena, *Duskull, Marill, Wingull, Azurill, Azumarill. Level 3-5.
Fishing: Wingull and *Relicanth.

Azurill is available here if you haven't bred your own yet.

Short route. An old guy on the right will give you TM41 (Leaf Blade).

Continue north to Oldale Town.

------------
OLDALE TOWN:
------------
Nothing here apart from a person who will tell you about how trade evolutions work in Fire Ash. Unlike his other friends, he tells you about trade evolutions for Gen 3 pokemon (hopefully you’re starting to see the pattern here).

Continue west to Route 102.

----------
ROUTE 102:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Poochyena, *Zigzagoon, *Ralts, *Wurmple, *Lotad, *Seedot, *Surskit. Level 3-5.

Lots of new ‘mons here.

There are two trainers and an item (a Potion).
Youngster Calvin
Poochyena LV 5

Bug Catcher Rick
Wurmple LV 4 x2

Here you can also find the first instance of a "Berry Patch", which usually contain berries that are hard to come buy without buying them. In this berry patch, you can find 2 Oran Berries, 2 Pecha Berries and a whooping 80 Kelpsy Berries! Get used to these quantities!

Continue west to Petalburg City.

---------------
PETALBURG CITY:
---------------
Fishing: Magikarp and Goldeen.

Nothing here right now apart from a hidden Great Ball. It is hidden in the middle flower in the top row in the flower bed south of the Pokemon Centre.
You can talk to May by the water if you want to, but she doesn't do much other than welcome you to her hometown.

As you prepare to head west out of town, you'll run into Norman, the Gym Leader. He won't let you battle him officially for a badge yet, but he will have a short match with you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Norman (1v1)
Vigoroth LV 7

Continue west to Route 104.

-----------------------
ROUTE 104 (South Side):
-----------------------
Wild Pokemon: Poochyena, *Shroomish, *Taillow, Wingull, Stantler, Aipom, Spinarak, Bellossom, Marill. Level 4-6.
Fishing: Lotad and Wingull.

In this first part of Route 104 are three trainers and 3 items: a Leek, a hidden Antidote and a hidden Heart Scale. The Antidote is hidden in the corner of the beach that is one row beneath the grass and the Heart Scale is in the top left corner of the beach.
Fisher Darian
Magikarp LV 9

Beauty Cindy
Zigzagoon LV 7

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Nicholai
Mudkip LV 7
Zigzagoon LV 5
 
Grab the 2 Oran and Pecha Berries from the Berry Patch, then continue to the trees and enter Petalburg Woods.

----------------
PETALBURG WOODS:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Wurmple, Taillow, Shroomish, *Cacnea, *Seviper, Ekans, Koffing, Sentret (rare), Pinsir (rare). Level 4-8.

There’s a Moss Rock here, so you can obtain Leafeon if you hate Leaf Stones for whatever reason. Simply level up an Eevee here.

You start near an item (an Antidote). Continue right along the way. When you reach the second grass patch, search an empty corner (top tile in a 1x3 rectangle of non-grass) for a Poke Ball. From there head left to find an ICONIC LV 5 Taillow. Go back the way you came and you'll find a trainer there on the northern path, but pass him by for now. 

Continue right and down. Jump the ledge and grab an item (another Antidote). When you exit the grass patch, go down and left to find an ICONIC LV 5 Treecko.

Continue up and fight a second trainer.
Bug Catcher James
Nincada LV 6 x2

Jump down the ledge and go left and up to get out of the woods. You'll have to beat the first trainer though. He's the pokemon poacher that Jessie and James sacrificed their Weezing and Arbok to stop.
MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Rico
Fearow LV 5
Tyranitar LV 6

After beating him, head out of the Petalburg woods into the northern part of Route 104.

-----------------------
ROUTE 104 (North Side):
-----------------------
Right outside the forest, there's a Berry Patch containing 2 Oran and Cheri Berries, as well as 3 Pecha Berries and 80 Grepa Berries.

There’s also a Revive hidden behind the house, on the last tile next to the water.

The house contains a berry shop, selling:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

Next, you'll come to twins for a double battle.
Twins Gina & Mia
Seedot LV 7
Lotad LV 7

On the path and bridge north, you'll find 4 more trainers and 2 visible items: Poke Ball and Super Potion, as well as another Berry Patch containing 2 Leppa Berries, 6 Cheri Berries (in total) and 8 Oran Berries.
MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Anthony
Pelipper LV 8
Magnemite LV 6
Bellsprout LV 6
Magby LV 6

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Janet
Beautifly LV 10

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Katrina
Mightyena LV 8

MINOR ICONIC
Camper Chaz
Venomoth LV 7
Sentret LV 7

If you go north on the eastern part of the fence, you can grab a Float Stone in a separate part of Rustboro City.

Continue north to Rustboro City.

--------------
RUSTBORO CITY:
--------------
A boy in the town is a Move Tutor for Iron Tail, which you can put on your Pikachu if you’re wanting to copy Ash’s anime story. The house in the SE part of the city has a trader who trades your Seedot for his Makuhita. The other guy in the house will give you a Premier Ball.

Enter the school (house next to Pokemon Centre) and you'll encounter TR again. Beat them.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Seviper LV 9
Cacnea LV 9
Wobbuffet LV 30
Wurmple LV 5

Since you've resolved the TR problem, you can enter the gym. It contains 3 trainers, two of which can be fought as a double battle, and Roxanne. 
Youngster Joshy
Geodude LV 10 x2

Youngster Tommy
Geodude LV 12

Hiker Marc
Onix LV 12

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER ROXANNE (2v2)
Geodude LV 12
Nosepass LV 14

Beat her for Stone Badge and TM69 (Rock Polish). The Hoenn Teleport System starts working. It works exactly like the teleport systems in Kanto and Johto.

But wait, there's more! Go to the Devon Corporation and talk to the guy in the upper right part of the lobby to obtain another Exp. Share -- those always come in handy. 

The Devon Corporation upstairs has a Team Aqua member (will be abbreviated TA from now on) trying to cause problems.
TA Ted
Crawdaunt LV 14

Just below the Devon Corporation is Mr. Briney's house. Now that you've beaten the Gym, he'll let you go to Dewford Town for you to get the next gym badge.

-------------
DEWFORD TOWN:
-------------
Weather Forecast: Usually Sunny
Fishing: Tentacool and Wingull.

There is a Move Tutor for Hyper Voice northwest of where you land.

There are two trainers in the NE corner of the town.
Fisherman Eliot
Magikarp LV 11 x2
Tentacool LV 9

Fisherman Ned
Tentacool LV 14

An old man in the NW corner will give you a Silk Scarf.

A guy in a house south of the boat will give you a Moon Stone.

In the southwest corner of the beach, there is another trainer to battle.
Youngster Keanu
Nincada LV 13

The gym has three trainers plus Brawly.
Black Belt Hadeki
Meditite LV 13 x2
Machop LV 13

ICONIC BATTLE
Crush Girl Shauna
Meditite LV 14

Crush Girl Lilith
Machop LV 13
Meditite LV 13

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BRAWLY Round 1 (2v2)
Machop LV 13
Makuhita LV 14

When you beat him, he'll tell you to fight him again on Route 106. The only way from the town is the Granite Cave, so go there.

-------------
GRANITE CAVE:
-------------
Wild Pokemon: Loudred, *Aron, *Makuhita, *Sableye, Abra, *Mawile, Geodude. Level 9-12.
Notice the Loudred. Whismur, its lowest evolutionary stage, CAN be obtained eventually, but it will take a long time - you might prefer to just breed a Loudred.

From the start, go right and down into a dead end with a Rare Candy hidden in a rock.

Then go left. You'll find Steven at the end of the path. He will give you a hint as to where the stairs to the upper portion of the cave is, as well as TM110 (Steel Wing).

Go up a bit to a cliff. Stand on the tile right to a pile of rocks and search the cliff. You'll find stairs.

Go right from the stairs all the way to the end to find an Everstone. Then go back left and down at the end to reach the exit to Route 106.

----------
ROUTE 106:
----------
Weather forecast: Heavy rain
Fishing: *Corphish and *Carvanha.

Careful! The moment you'll exit the Granite Cave, you'll get ambushed by Brock. Beat him.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Breeder Brock
Forretress LV 42
Lotad LV 16
Mudkip LV 14

Go west to find an ICONIC LV 15 Corphish and add it to your team. Then go north to a house and talk to the old man in front of it. He'll give you a Gift Mudkip.

Go west into the trees. You'll appear in a separate part of Route 106 where you can fight Brawly and defeat him for the 2nd time.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BRAWLY Round 2 (2v2)
Machop LV 13
Hariyama LV 16

He will give you the Knuckle Badge and TM52 (Focus Blast). (Note that you can't catch anything when fishing in this portion of Route 106).

Now that you've defeated Brawly, the Hoenn teleport system will now connect to Dewford Town. At this point, you can also go back to Littleroot Town - the Taillow that gave you the Chople Berry before has now evolved into a Swellow that gives you a Figy Berry. In addition, Mr. Briney's ship will now take you to a new location: Route 109.

----------
ROUTE 109:
----------
Weather forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Fishing: Wingull and Tentacool.

Once you go up, you'll immediately get into a battle with a trainer.
Sailor Huey
Wingull LV 12
Machop LV 12

Then go up and left - in the NW corner of SW step-like shore is a hidden Heart Scale.

Go up. Under the middle of the closest shelter is a Revive.

Go right and fight a second trainer.
Sailor Ed
Wingull LV 13

NE from the trainer, in a corner of a beach, is another hidden Heart Scale.

Go a bit up, then go left and check the middle of another shelter for a PP Up.

Another shelter holds yet another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Stephanie
Mudkip LV 16

Beside her is a bigger yellow shelter with a trainer.
Fisherman Morty
Gyarados LV 16

Fight him, then talk to him for a Fresh Water (he will sell them afterwards). Also, check both pedestals by this shack! The left one contains a Soft Sand, while the right one has a Big Pearl.

Go right and fight the fourth and last trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Tommy
Swampert LV 16

That's all that can be done here; continue north to Slateport City.

---------------
SLATEPORT CITY:
---------------
On the left side is a MARKET. It has to be written in all caps, since it's a really great MARKET selling lots of strange and wonderful items.

There's 7 vendors here altogether.

Top left stall, left vendor:
Deep Sea Scale - 200
Deep Sea Tooth - 200
Dragon Scale - 2100
Dubious Disc - 2100
Electirizer - 2100
King's Rock - 100
Magmarizer - 2100
Metal Coat - 100
Prism Scale - 500

Top left stall, right vendor:
Protector - 2100
Reaper Cloth - 2100
Sachet - 2100
Up-Grade - 2100
Whipped Dream - 2100
Oval Stone - 2100
Razor Claw - 2100
Razor Fang - 2100

Middle left stall, left vendor:
Level Ball - 200
Lure Ball - 200
Moon Ball - 200
Friend Ball - 200
Love Ball - 200
Heavy Ball - 200
Fast Ball - 200
Repeat Ball - 1000
Timer Ball - 1000

Middle left stall, right vendor:
Nest Ball - 1000
Net Ball - 1000
Dive Ball - 1000
Luxury Ball - 1000
Heal Ball - 300
Quick Ball - 1000
Dusk Ball - 1000

Bottom left stall:
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Carbos - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Calcium - 9800
HP Up - 9800

Middle right stall:
Full Incense - 5000
Lax Incense - 5000
Luck Incense - 11000
Odd Incense - 2000
Pure Incense - 6000
Rock Incense - 2000
Rose Incense - 2000
Sea Incense - 2000
Wave Incense - 2000

Bottom right stall:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

So, there's finally a permanent Incense shop, but the most interesting shops are definitely Poke Ball shop and Evolution shop. This is a good time to mention what you need them for. Many evolutions in main series games work by trading, but you can find changes to how trade evolutions work in Fire Ash by talking to a specific person in the 2nd place of every region. Alternatively you can read the file in the Helpful Notes folder from where you load up your game on called “Pokemon Fire Ash Evolution Changes''.

During the DAY:
Deep Sea Scale: Evolves Clamperl into Gorebyss.
King's Rock: Evolves Poliwhirl into Politoed.
King's Rock: Evolves Slowpoke into Slowking.
Magmarizer: Evolves Magmar into Magmortar.
Metal Coat: Evolves Onix into Steelix.
Up-Grade: Evolves Porygon into Porygon2.
Prism Scale: Evolves Feebas into Milotic.
Protector: Evolves Rhydon into Rhyperior.
Sachet: Evolves Spritzee into Aromatisse
Whipped Dream: Evolves Swirlix into Slurpuff.
Oval Stone: Evolves Happiny into Chansey.

During the NIGHT:
Deep Sea Tooth: Evolves Clamperl into Huntail.
Dragon Scale: Evolves Seadra into Kingdra.
Dubious Disc: Evolves Porygon2 into Porygon-Z.
Electirizer: Evolves Electabuzz into Electivire.
Metal Coat: Evolves Scyther into Scizor.
Reaper Cloth: Evolves Dusclops into Dusknoir.
Razor Claw: Evolves Sneasel into Weavile.
Razor Fang: Evolves Gligar into Gliscor.

Either buy them in advance, or return here when you want to evolve one of these Pokemon. For extra information on how to evolve these pokemon, check out Pokemon Fire Ash Evolution Changes.txt.

Now for the Poke Balls. The important stat for a Poke Ball is its "catch rate", which states how much better it is than a standard Poke Ball. At this point, our basic type is Ultra Ball with a catch rate of 2.

Level Ball - The catch rate differs:
	If your Pokemon is at a higher level than the opponent, Level Ball is already as good as an Ultra Ball, with a catch rate of 2.
	If your Pokemon is at least 2 times higher than the opponent's level, it has a catch rate of 4
	If your Pokemon is at least 4 times higher than the opponent's level, it has a catch rate of 8.
Since you should have some highly levelled Pokemon, Level Balls should become your standard Poke Ball. It will always be at least as good as an Ultra Ball (unless you're trying to catch something that has a higher level than you), and is four times cheaper! Just remember that you should send a high-levelled Pokemon out before you use it.

Lure Ball: The catch rate is 4 while fishing, so unless your Pokemon is less than 2 times the level of the wild Pokemon, use a Level Ball instead.

Moon Ball: Has a catch rate of 4 if you use it on a Pokemon from a family that evolves with a Moon Stone, that is Nidoran (both genders), Clefairy, Jigglypuff, Skitty, Munna and their relatives. This is pretty niche, seeing that at this point you are probably only missing Skitty and Munna, and even for them, Level Ball might be as good or better.

Friend Ball: Has a catch rate of 1 (like a standard Poke Ball) but comes with an extra effect: The caught Pokemon's happiness becomes 200. Which saves some time, at most. Not a priority.

Love Ball: Has a catch rate of 8 if you use it on something of the same species and opposite gender as your Pokemon, which is not really something practical. Perhaps you could use it in conjunction with the Cute Charm ability (which improves a chance of meeting opposite-gender Pokemon) if you want to obtain a rare gender of some species.

Heavy Ball: Instead of having a flat catch rate, it gives additive bonuses based on the opponent's weight. Could be useful for some heavy Legendaries, as well as Rock and Steel Pokemon in general.

Fast Ball: Has a catch rate of 4 if you want to catch a very fast Pokemon (base Speed stat 100 or higher). You don't need Fast Balls for normal Pokemon, but some Legendaries have high Speed and Fast Balls might be a good choice for them. I'll let you know when you meet them.

Repeat Ball: Has a catch rate of 3.5 if the Pokemon is already registered in your Pokedex as caught. If you are just trying to fill the Pokedex, you won't find much use here.

Timer Ball - This is an interesting one: it improves its catch rate the longer the battle goes on. It starts with 1 and improves roughly by 0.30 per turn. On the 5th turn, it's already better than Ultra Ball. If you let the battle go for 11 turns, Timer Balls will reach a catch rate of 4 and it will be twice as good as Ultra Ball. Buy a lot of Timer Balls - they will be our main ammunition against Legendaries from now on. Just remember that if you have something with better than double the level of the Legendary, Level Ball will still be better.

Nest Ball: This one works better on low-levelled Pokemon. The problem is that it won't have any special effects on Pokemon of level 30 or higher, and against anything weaker, you should have something with high enough level to reach a catch rate of 4 with Level Ball (Nest Ball will always have worse catch rate than 4, unless you actually find a level 1 opponent). Don't bother with Nest Balls - Level Balls are superior AND cheaper!

Net Ball: This is basically a variant of Lure Ball. Catch rate is 3.5 on all Water types AND all Bug types. It's more versatile than Lure Ball, but more expensive.

Dive Ball: Has a catch rate 3.5 on Pokemon while underwater. Waste of money.

Luxury Ball: Alternative to Friend Ball; while Friend Ball improves the initial happiness of the Pokemon, Luxury Ball increases the rate it grows. All in all, neither seems too good, but Friend Ball gives you the benefits right away AND is cheaper so avoid Luxury Ball unless you want to give your Pokemon some bling.

Heal Ball: Has a catch rate of 1 and heals caught Pokemon. This is basically useless. The only use would be if you wanted to use the captured Pokemon right away without sending it to the PC, and let's be honest, how useful is THAT?

Quick Ball: Has a catch rate of 5 on the first turn of a battle. There's probably no harm in maintaining a supply of these. Throw one whenever you encounter a new Pokemon, and if it won't work (not even the high catch rate will help much if the Pokemon is not weakened at all), just switch to other balls.

Dusk Ball: Has a catch rate of 3 in a cave area, or at night.

Recommendations:
1. Grab some Quick Balls, but don't go overboard.
2. Buy lots of Level Balls and use them as your default Poke Balls from now on.
3. Buy lots of Timer Balls and use them to catch Legendary Pokemon. Buy Fast Balls for fast Legendary Pokemon and Heavy Balls for heavy Legendaries (those should help a ton).
4. Get some Lure Balls and Dusk Balls, MAYBE some Net Balls. You can use those when their conditions are met, but if your Pokemon has more than twice the level of target, Level Balls will STILL be better.
5. Ignore the rest, or use them as novelty.

Once we're done with the MARKET, head to the eastern side of the city. There are several Team Magma (will be abbreviated TMg, so that they are not confused with TMs) grunts guarding the Museum. Beat them.
TMg Fern
Houndoom LV 14
Mightyena LV 14

TMg Ash
Houndoom LV 14
Mightyena LV 14

MINOR ICONIC
TMg Tabitha
Mightyena LV 16

After you beat Tabitha, head inside the museum, where they will tell you that, despite being beaten, TMg managed to steal a rock sample. There's nothing we can do about it right now, so let's head back outside.

Go up north past the Pokémon Center. There’s a Graveler that’ll give you a Quick Powder. The leftmost side of that row has another Name Rater. The way north is blocked by a guy who wants us to support his girlfriend in a Pokemon Contest, so go there (it's the house in the NW corner of the city). Before you enter, chat with the guy standing beside the Contest Hall and fight him.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Robert
Milotic LV 15

After this, head into the Contest Hall. You'll end up in another battle with May.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokemon Coordinator May
Torchic LV 15
Beautifly LV 15

After you beat her, she'll leave, letting you challenge the other trainer left in the hall, Drew.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Cool Trainer Drew
Roselia LV 17

There's also a Move Tutor for Magic Room here.

After you're done, head north to Route 110.

----------
ROUTE 110:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Oddish, Zigzagoon, *Plusle, Poochyena, Wingull, *Electrike, *Minun, *Gulpin. Level 12-14.
Fishing: Tentacool and Magikarp.

Note that this route has a magnetic field - Magneton and Nosepass will evolve if you level them up here.

In the first grass patch to the right of the main path, there'll be another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Marius
Spheal LV 14

This is an extremely long, but linear path.

First of all, go north until you come to a house. There's a guy in front of it who will give you a quiz. The correct answers are:
1. Muk
2. Yellow
3. Illumise

By completing the quiz, he'll give you a Good Rod!

----------------
GOOD ROD UPDATE:
----------------
OK, now that you have a Good Rod, you can catch lots of new Pokemon even in older areas, right...? Right...?

Well, not exactly. Most fishing areas you have encountered until now have Good Rod catching the same two Pokemon as the Old Rod, with the only difference being that Old Rod has 7:3 chance of Common vs. Uncommon catch while Good Rod has 8:2 (so if you want the uncommon type, Old Rod is actually better!). Only a handful of areas have something new.

Pallet Town: Good Rod allows you to catch Tangela, Goldeen, or Poliwag.
Route 25: Good Rod allows you to catch Dragonite.
Safari Zone Kanto: Good Rod allows you to catch Seadra, Dragonair, and Tentacruel.
Safari Zone Johto: Good Rod allows you to catch Quagsire, Lanturn, or *Mantine.
Blackthorn City: Good Rod allows you to catch Horsea and Poliwag instead of Magikarp and Poliwag.
Route 110 (where you are now): Good Rod allows you to catch *Wailmer and Tentacool.

And that's all - all other areas have nothing new compared to Old Rod. So grab a Mantine and a Wailmer. Remember that Mantine can be bred with Wave Incense to obtain Mantyke. In order to evolve Mantyke, you need to have a Remoraid in your party, so if you already evolved it into Octillery, you'll need to get another one.
END OF GOOD ROD UPDATE

Continuing along Route 110, you'll encounter many trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Alanna
Whismur LV 16

Psychic Edward
Abra LV 16

Close to the second trainer is a visible Revive. Then hug the southern edge of the path. In the second gap in the grass is a hidden Revive. Continue up the path, facing two more trainers.
Biker Jacob
Magnemite LV 17

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Thatcher
Plusle LV 14
Minun LV 14

After that, then another hidden item (a Great Ball). It's tricky to find: near the top of the grass patch is a 4x4 square that is nearly complete (missing the lower left corner and 3-square path from the lower right corner). The Great Ball is hidden on the second tile of this path.

The final part of the Route has two trainers and a flower patch with two visible items: a Heal Ball and a Rare Candy, as well as a Berry Patch containing 6 Leppa Berries and 9 Nanab Berries.
Fisherman Dale
Tentacool LV 12 x2
Wailmer LV 15
Tentacool LV 9

Beauty Isabel
Plusle LV 15
Minun LV 15

Continue north into Mauville City.

--------------
MAUVILLE CITY:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely a Sandstorm
Right at the entrance, there is a house with green flowers next to it. Search the rightmost flower for an X Speed. The woman inside the house will give you TM68 (Giga Impact).

There's a Game Corner, with the following Pokemon Prizes:
*Beldum - 180 coins
Ralts - 500 coins
*Bagon - 2800 coins
Mawile - 5500 coins
*Castform - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Eject Button - 800 coins
Eviolite - 800 coins
Choice Band - 1600 coins
Choice Specs - 1600 coins
Choice Scarf - 1600 coins

Note that there will be a guaranteed Castform later so there's no need to buy it here.

East of the gym, there is a Move Tutor that can teach Spite and a Magnemite that gives you a Magnet.

In the Gym, there are two trainers and Wattson.
Gentleman Kirk
Electrike LV 18
Magnemite LV 18

MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Watt
Ampharos LV 20

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WATTSON (3v3)
Magnemite LV 21
Magneton LV 23
Voltorb LV 21

Beat him for the Dynamo Badge and TM73 (Thunder Wave). This will upgrade the Hoenn teleport system again.

Go north to Route 111.

----------
ROUTE 111:
----------
Weather Forecast: Rarely a Sandstorm
Wild Pokemon: *Volbeat, *Illumise, Weepinbell, *Skitty, Pidgeotto, Oddish. Level 16-18.
Fishing (Old Rod): Goldeen and Magikarp.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit and *Barboach.

Start by fighting two trainers (who can be fought together).
MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Juliet
Illumise LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Camper Romeo
Volbeat LV 19 (Beat)

Go up stairs and then go left through the grass patch until you reach a boulder with a hidden Revive.

Go up the next set of stairs. Fight a trainer, then go past him and grab a Stardust.
Black Belt Daisuke
Machop LV 19

Continue to a house and grab a HP Up next to it. The house itself has the five trainers of the Winstrate Family - beat them all for a Macho Brace.
MINOR ICONIC FAMILY BATTLES:
Black Belt Victor
Zigzagoon LV 17

Aroma Lady Victoria
Roselia LV 17

Picnicker Vivi
Marill LV 17

Cool Trainer Vicky
Camerupt LV 18

Cool Trainer Vito
Alakazam LV 18
Swellow LV 18

After you beat them, continue north, and face another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Natasha
Grovyle LV 18
Slugma LV 18
Electrode LV 18

Then you'll come to a crossroads. There is a trainer guarding the eastern exit that leads to the Mirage Kingdom.
MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Hansen
Shedinja LV 19
Ninjask LV 18 x2

Head inside the Mirage Kingdom. Misty is here and you can fight her again.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Gym Leader Misty
Staryu LV 50
Politoed LV 48
Corsola LV 44
Gyarados LV 20
Luvdisc LV 15 (Caserin)

There's also an old man who will give you a Gift Togepi. That's all you can do here, so head back out to the main road.

The road west is currently blocked, so let's continue on north. To the north is another part of Route 111 with three more trainers. Two of them are on the western side, and one is in the grassy path on the east.
Cool Trainer Wilton
Electrike LV 18
Wailmer LV 18
Makuhita LV 18

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Michelle
Shelgon LV 20

Camper Cliff
Baltoy LV 17
Sandshrew LV 17
Baltoy LV 19

There's also a house with a healer. Right from the house is a grass patch with a single tree. Search the left tile below the tree for a Protein.

North of this is a Berry Patch containing 4 Oran, Nanab and Rawst Berries, 6 Razz Berries and 80 Rabuta, Cornn, Rindo, Kasib, Babiri and Starf Berries! That sure is a lot of them!

From here, continue west to Route 113.

----------
ROUTE 113:
----------
Weather forecast: Sandstorm, sometimes
Wild Pokemon: *Trapinch, Sandshrew, *Skarmory, *Spinda, Cacnea, Geodude. Level 14-16.
Go left and fight two trainers.
Youngster Neal
Trapinch LV 18
Linoone LV 20

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Nicholai
Marshtomp LV 19
Zigzagoon LV 19
Zangoose LV 19

A pile of rocks north of the second trainer contains a hidden Ether. Go up and jump the ledge to the right. A pile of rocks on this ledge contains a Nugget. Jump down again and continue left.

Past the second trainer, go left and down this time to find a visible Super Repel. Third trainer follows.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Eliza
Oddish LV 20

Go around the big rock on the north to fight a fourth trainer.
Ruin Maniac Leo
Geodude LV 17 x3
Onix LV 19

Go left and a guy on the upper level will give you TM32 (Double Team).
Jump down and fight the last trainer.
Ruin Maniac Lung
Nincada LV 19
Shedinja LV 19
Ninjask LV 19

Continue west to Fallarbor Town.

---------------
FALLARBOR TOWN:
---------------
This town greets you with some Berry Patches. They contain 4 Pecha Berries, 5 Aspear and Lum Berries and 80 Rowap Berries.

But wait, there's more!

In the centre of the town, there are (from the top left to the bottom right) 80 Pamtre, Ganlon, Roseli, Occa, Payapa, Yache, Salac, Coba and Shuca Berries. I daresay that this will be the best set of patches we'll find in the entire game, so I'll start ranking these. This one's an 11/10. Previous one's a 6/10.

The Contest Hall (the middle building in the upper row) has some flowers in front of it; the left patch hides a Nugget. Beside the hall is a trainer who wants to battle before the contest. The left house in the upper row has a Move Maniac. In the SE corner is a Move Tutor for Dragon Ascent. Dragon Ascent is Rayquaza’s signature move, and in Fire Ash, it doesn’t allow Rayquaza to mega evolve - you will eventually get a held item that will allow it to.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Grace
Medicham LV 20

Enter the Contest Hall for another brush with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Seviper LV 20
Cacnea LV 20
Dustox LV 18
Wobbuffet LV 32

After you beat them, the old guy there is a Move Tutor for Pain Split.

Talk to the guy in the middle of the Contest Hall and he'll ask the guard to let you pass through Fiery Path (note that you must also beat Misty in the Mirage Kingdom, otherwise he won't let you through).

-----------
FIERY PATH:
-----------
Wild Pokemon: *Slugma, Grimer, Koffing, *Numel, *Torkoal. Level 16-18.

A simple linear path with nothing of interest, apart from the wild Pokemon. If you haven't bread Magcargo, this is your chance to get a Slugma. Also, note that you will receive a Gift Torkoal very soon (after the next gym), so there’s not much point in catching one now.

There are two trainers here for you to beat.
MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Julie
Numel LV 20 x3
Furret LV 20

Cue Ball Sheridan
Roselia LV 20
Makuhita LV 20
Vileplume LV 20
Shroomish LV 20

Exit south to Lavaridge Town.

---------------
LAVARIDGE TOWN:
---------------
A guy near the Gym will fight you.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Mr. Moore (Flannery's Grandfather)
Typhlosion LV 23
Wingull LV 20

There's a Hoenn branch of the Day Care in this town.

The guy between Pokemon Centre and Poke Mart will give you a Wynaut egg. Well... why not?

There is an Ice Heal in a dead end to the right of the Poke Mart, and a guy in the Pokemon Centre who will sell Moomoo Milk.

The house on the right has a trader who will trade his Feebas for your Magikarp.

The gym has two levels. There are holes on the upper level and ladders on the lower level.

Go left and fight the first trainer.
Hiker Cole
Slugma LV 22 x2
Numel LV 22

Drop down the hole, then go up the ladder on the left. Go down the hole north of you to find the second trainer.
Hiker Axle
Numel LV 23
Slugma LV 23

Jump down and go up the ladder again. This time, go down a hole in the upper left corner. Go up a ladder here, then up and left to another hole. The third trainer is waiting there.
Hiker Andy
Slugma LV 23
Numel LV 23

Go up past the third trainer to the next ladder and fight the fourth trainer there.
Crush Girl Sadie
Meditite LV 24

Jump down the other hole in this room. Go up the ladder and fight the fifth trainer.
Cool Trainer Zane
Kecleon LV 24

Go down the other hole, then up the ladder. Fight Flannery.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER FLANNERY (3v3)
Magcargo LV 25 (Mag)
Slugma LV 25 (Meg)
Torkoal LV 28

Beating Flannery gets the Heat Badge and TM50 (Overheat). Then take the hole to the right to get near the exit.
The Hoenn teleport system also updates again. The tree blocking Route 112 has also been cut, allowing you to use that as a shortcut back to Route 111.

Go east to Route 112 as there are a few things to do there.

----------
ROUTE 112:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Spinda, Teddiursa, Gulpin, Shroomish, *Swablu, *Solrock, *Lunatone. Level 16-18.

There are a total of four trainers and two visible items: a Guard Spec to the left and a Nugget to the right, as well as a Berry Patch containing 3 Persim Berries, 4 Pecha, Razz and Rawst Berries on the left side of the route. 4/10 patch.
Hiker Trent 
Geodude LV 22 x4

Camper Larry
Zigzagoon LV 22
Skarmory LV 23
Nuzleaf LV 22

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Claire
Spinda LV 23

Hiker Brice
Numel LV 23
Machop LV 23

There's also a Big Mushroom hidden in a boulder behind the Guard Spec.

Enter the cave.

----------------
VALLEY OF STEEL:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Torkoal, Magnemite, Skarmory, Magneton, Steelix. Level 17-21.

A very small cave that contains only one item - a Charcoal, as well as a free ICONIC LV 20 Torkoal.

Return to the Mauville Gym, where you can fight Wattson again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WATTSON Round 2 (1v1)
Manectric LV 26

Then, go to Petalburg City.

---------------
PETALBURG CITY:
---------------
If you have beaten both Wattson and Flannery, the Petalburg Gym is now accessible...
After you beat May who waits in front of it, I mean.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Pokemon Coordinator May
Torchic LV 25
Beautifly LV 27
Skitty LV 25

The Gym has five trainers plus Norman.
Cool Trainer Randall
Delcatty LV 27

Cool Trainer Parker
Linoone LV 27

Cool Trainer Lori
Linoone LV 27

Cool Trainer Mary
Delcatty LV 27

Cool Trainer Berke
Zangoose LV 27

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER NORMAN (3v3)
Slakoth LV 29
Vigoroth LV 29
Slaking LV 31

Beat him for Balance Badge and TM15 (Hyper Beam). He will also hint that the way east from Mauville City is now open. So let's head that way. However, instead of going straight east from Mauville, let's first head WEST, to Route 117 and Verdanturf Town.

----------
ROUTE 117:
----------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally rains
Wild Pokemon: Spinda, Teddiursa, Gulpin, Shroomish, Swablu, Solrock, Lunatone. Level 14 - 21

There's a trainer near the entrance of the route.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Morita
Nuzleaf LV 23

After you beat him, the path briefly splits. The upper path has a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Jacuzzi
Gulpin LV 23

The lower path has a small grass patch with a Revive, another trainer and a Berry Patch containing 8 Pinap Berries, 9 Wepear Berries, 80 Petaya, Lansat, Kee and Jacob Berries. Very good patch - 9/10, it's held back by the Pinap Berries that serve you no purpose.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Guy
Exploud LV 23

After this, the path reconnects and continues west, past another three trainers, and an Ultra Ball.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Abby
Delcatty LV 23 (Johnny)

MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Poncho
Ludicolo LV 23

MINOR ICONIC
Juggler Timmy Grimm
Dusclops LV 23

Continue west to Verdanturf Town.

----------------
VERDANTURF TOWN:
----------------
Unlike other towns, this one does not have an accessible Pokemon Centre or Poke Mart, as they are apparently both being boycotted. Instead there are people outside the entrance who will perform the same functions, although the one outside the Poke Mart only sells berries.

There are three houses in the southern part of town. The hiker in the middle house gives you an Elixir, and the hiker in the south-eastern house gives you an Ether.

Inside the contest hall, is a Move Tutor for Gastro Acid.

That's all that we have here, let's head back to Mauville and then east to Route 118.

----------
ROUTE 118:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Nuzleaf, Shroomish, Breloom, Voltorb, Oddish, Weepinbell, *Spoink, Vileplume. Level 21-24.
Fishing (Old Rod): Remoraid and *Feebas.
Fishing (Good Rod): Poliwrath, Whiscash and Carvanha.

Directly north of you is a Stardust.

There's eight trainers on this route.
Aroma Lady Rose
Shroomish LV 27
Roselia LV 27

Fisherman Wade
Carvanha LV 29

Sailer Dalton
Magnemite LV 28 x2
Whismur LV 28

Rocker Kutz
Pikachu LV 2

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Couple Oscar and Andi
Nidoking LV 28
Nidoqueen LV 28

Bug Catcher Doug (guess who’s back?)
Beedrill LV 31
Anorith LV 29
Paras LV 29
Yanma LV 29

Fisherman Barry
Carvanha LV 28 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Volt
Volbeat LV 30

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Shane
Swablu LV 30

There is a Berry Patch containing 10 Sitrus Berries (in total) northwest of Volt. 3/10 patch.

There are also three other items: a visible Leaf Stone in the eastern part, a hidden Heart Scale and a hidden Iron. To get the Heart Scale, go to the southeastern corner of the beach, then check the tile between the two boulders. For the Iron, go north at the eastern edge of the beach, then west. Three boulders are close to the western edge of this platform; an Iron is hidden in the middle one.

Continue north to Route 119.

----------
ROUTE 119:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Dugtrio, Shroomish, *Shuppet, Breloom, Igglybuff, Vileplume, Oddish, Castform (rare). Level 21-24.
Fishing (Old Rod): Remoraid and Feebas.
Fishing (Good Rod): Poliwrath, Whiscash and Gyarados.

Don't bother to try and catch a Castform -- there is a guaranteed free one later on this Route.

This is a long route. First, you'll come to a big grass patch with two trainers and a visible Elixir as well as a Berry Patch containing 5 Sitrus Berries and 7 Leppa Berries. 4/10, it's a decent patch.
Bug Catcher Kent
Ninjask LV 30

Bug Catcher Douglas
Nincada LV 27 x2

Then you get to a winding bridge (seriously, who builds a winding bridge???) with three more trainers.
Fisherman Eugene
Magikarp LV 32
Tentacool LV 28
Carvanha LV 27
Feebas LV 30

Pokemon Ranger Jackson
Breloom LV 31

Bug Catcher Brent
Surskit LV 30

Past the bridge, go immediately right to the berry patch for 8 Hondew Berries and 80 Charti Berries. Pretty good patch, especially if you use Fire/Flying types a lot. 6/10 patch. Then go left to the trees and check the empty tile north of you (in the corner) for a hidden Full Heal, guarded by another trainer.
Bug Catcher Gregory
Volbeat LV 28
Illumise LV 28

Continue north past another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Obee
Poochyena LV 28 x3

When you get to the fork, go right (the way north just leads to the bottom of a cliff). There will be a short bridge with a single trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Calista
Baltoy LV 31

Past the bridge, go down the stairs and left for another visible Elixir. Two trainers will ambush you as you continue north.
Bug Catcher Donald
Wurmple LV 25
Beautifly LV 27
Silcoon LV 25

Bug Catcher Taylor
Wurmple LV 25
Dustox LV 27
Cascoon LV 25

Past the big set of stairs, go right through the grass to grab the item (a Sun Stone). At the fork, go left and face a trainer guarding the bridge.
Pokemon Breeder Savannah
Flareon LV 29
Lairon LV 29

After beating her, head north first, to grab a Max Ether. Then, go back, and head west and south to face another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Fisherman Sullivan
Flaaffy LV 30 (Hannah)

East from him is a Master Ball... umm ok, thanks!

Go north to the Weather Institute. A guy on the left will let you change the weather. Head inside, where you will find TA causing trouble again. Take them down.
TA Elend
Crawdaunt LV 29
Walrein LV 29

TA Gerald
Walrein LV 29 x2

MINOR ICONIC
TA Shelly
Carvanha LV 30
Walrein LV 30
Crawdaunt LV 30

Once Shelly is beaten, talk to the lady by the wall... who turns out to be Agent Brodie from TMg! What a twist!!!
MINOR ICONIC
TMg Brodie
Ditto LV 35

After you beat him, Brodie and TA will leave. Talk to the scientist to get a free Castform. The scientist by the couch is now a Move Tutor for the move Swift. By the bed and PC is another guy who will give you a Damp Rock.

Go out, then back right and up to fight another trainer.
Bird Keeper Phil
Taillow LV 28
Wingull LV 28
Swellow LV 28

After, grab a Rare Candy in the NW corner. Then go right to find the last trainer to Fortree City, as well as a Berry Patch containing 6 Pomeg Berries and 80 Spelon and Magost Berries. Welp, that's a whole lot of nothing. -5/10 patch.
Painter Tasha
Mr. Mime LV 28
Sudowoodo LV 28
Smeargle LV 28

-------------
FORTREE CITY:
-------------
A guy in the Pokemon Centre offers you a Gift Chimecho. It's actually a Hoppip, but seeing that they are quite rare at the only place with Hoppip, you might want to get it anyway.

The treehouse next to Pokemon Centre has a sleeping guy who is the Move Tutor for Sleep Talk.

The treehouse next to Poke Mart has a guy who will give you a Moon Stone.

Go right from this treehouse (the way right from the first one is blocked for now). Talk to the guy on the next platform for TM10 (Hidden Power). Moving along the path, you'll get to Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Breeder Brock
Forretress LV 44
Lombre LV 30
Mudkip LV 27

Past Brock, you get to Winona. Talk to her and she'll go to her Gym. This will also open the way right from the treehouse next to Pokemon Centre.

A guy in the treehouse at the end of the new path will trade your Pikachu for his Skitty.

South of that, there is a Move Tutor for Synthesis.

The gym has a long winding path with four trainers and Winona.
Bird Keeper Jared
Doduo LV 30

Bird Keeper Kyle
Swablu LV 30

Bird Keeper Terrell
Taillow LV 29
Swellow LV 29

Bird Keeper Will
Wingull LV 28
Swellow LV 28
Pelipper LV 28

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WINONA (3v3)
Altaria LV 31
Pelipper LV 30
Swellow LV 33 (Shiny)

Beating Winona gives you the Feather Badge and TM58 (Sky Drop). The Hoenn teleport system gets updated again.

Continue east to Route 120.

----------
ROUTE 120:
----------
Weather forecast: Slight chance of rain
Wild Pokemon: *Slakoth, *Chimecho, Gardevoir, Zigzagoon, Beedrill, Flaaffy, Volbeat, Swablu. Level 23-26.
Fishing (Old Rod): Remoraid and Feebas.
Fishing (Good Rod): Poliwhirl and Masquerain.

Note that if you breed a Chimecho holding a Pure Incense, you can get a Chingling.

A long north-south route. At the start, there is a Berry Patch containing 4 Wepear Berries, 6 Razz, Nanb and Pecha Berries, 8 Pinap Berries (in total) and 80 Passho, Wacan, Chople and Kebia Berries! 10/10 patch, let's hope later patches continue to be as generous as this one... Anyway, go south and fight the first two trainers.
Bird Keeper Robert
Swablu LV 32

MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Marcel
Vigoroth LV 30
Snorlax LV 30

Then go right and up, fight a third trainer, and collect a Rare Candy at the end of the path.
Youngster Tsunao
Nincada LV 28
Koffing LV 28
Ninjask LV 28

Go south until you reach the grassy path to the left. First patch of flowers south of this path hides a Zinc.
Continue south and then right for a visible Dusk Ball.
Go left across the bridge and beat the first trainer.
Cool Trainer Jennifer
Milotic LV 31

Right next to her, you'll encounter a fisherman who will give you a Nest Ball. Continue left and fight two double trainers.
Twins Gabi & Ti
Magneton LV 30
Loudred LV 30

Continue south and beat another trainer.
Bug Catcher Brandon
Surskit LV 28 x3

Then go right along the water edge to get another Rare Candy.

Continue south along the path through several grass patches. There's another Berry Patch here, containing 3 Pinap and Wepear Berries, 7 Nanab and Pinap Berries and 12 Pecha Berries. Compared to the last patch, this one's pretty bad... 2/10 patch.
Youngster Keigo
Sandshrew LV 28 x2
Sandslash LV 29
Koffing LV 29
Ninjask LV 29

Beauty Clarissa
Goldeen LV 29
Wailmer LV 29

Beauty Angelica
Castform LV 32

In the corner of the cliffs, below a flower patch, is hidden another Nest Ball.

Continue south and fight the last two trainers.
Pokemon Ranger Carlos
Seedot LV 29
Nuzleaf LV 29
Lombre LV 29

Pokemon Ranger Jenna
Lotad LV 29
Nuzleaf LV 29
Lombre LV 29

When you exit the grass patch, go left. In the upper right corner of a small alcove in the trees is a Wide Lens.

Continue east to Route 121.

----------
ROUTE 121:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Slakoth, Chimecho, Gardevoir, Zigzagoon, Beedrill, Flaaffy, Volbeat, Swablu. Level 23-26.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Clamperl and *Luvdisc.
Fishing (Good Rod): Mantine, Huntail, and Wailmer.

Right at the start, you will find a healer and a Berry Patch containing 2 Chesto Berries, 5 Aspear Berries, 6 Persim and Rawst Berries and 80 Colbur and Chilan Berries. Decent patch, but not as good as the first patch from the previous route. 6/10 patch.

Go right, fight the first trainer.
Beauty Jessica
Kecleon LV 30
Seviper LV 30

NE from you are twin trainers and there is an Escape Rope hidden in a NE corner next to them.
Twins Maddie & Allie
Spinda LV 30
Slaking LV 32

When you get to the stairs, go down and left to fight another trainer.
Gentleman Elijah
Camerupt LV 32

Beyond him grab TM85 (Phantom Force) at the end.

Go right and fight another trainer in the grass patch.
Channeler Tammy
Ralts LV 30
Duskull LV 30
Kirlia LV 30

Go up stairs to a small platform with another trainer.
Bug Catcher Cale
Dustox LV 29
Beautifly LV 29

There's a Carbos hidden two tiles right and one tile up from the default position of that trainer.

The guy up the stairs from here is not actually a trainer, so don't bother talking to him. Just go back down and continue along the path where you'll encounter another trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Vanessa
Pikachu LV 31

After that, the path turns north. At the fork, go left and fight a trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Myles
Wingull LV 25
Numel LV 25
Zigzagoon LV 25
Electrike LV 25
Tropius LV 25

After, get a Shiny Stone at the end of the path.

Return past the previous trainer. The fence to the north has a break in it at one point. Go north through the hole until you reach the flower, then search the flower west of you for a Zinc. To the left of that, there is a visible Soul Dew.

Go south and fight two trainers.
Cool Trainer Marcel
Manectric LV 31
Shiftry LV 31

Cool Trainer Cristin
Loudred LV 31
Vigoroth LV 31

Then go down and left to fight the last trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Pat
Poochyena LV 25
Marill LV 25
Sandshrew LV 25
Electrike LV 25
Shroomish LV 25

Grab a Max Revive at the end of the path.

Lastly, there's another Berry Patch to end this route. This one contains 6 Nanab Berries, 80 Micle, Tanga, Haban and Bluk Berries! Great patch - 8/10.

That's all here, continue to the east to Lilycove City.

--------------
LILYCOVE CITY:
--------------
A guy south from the entrance will give you TM71 (Stone Edge).

A guy in the Pokemon Centre will give you a Focus Sash.

The Contest Hall has a Move Tutor for Magic Coat and a trainer to battle.
Lass Kelly
Grumpig LV 32

The rightmost house in the top row has a second Brilliant Judge. Bear in mind that he, nor any others, will spawn extra Brilliant Pokémon if you’ve already encountered one in a day.

The house north of the beach has a Name Rater.

The beach has a lot of boulders on it; three of them contain Heart Scales: the very leftmost one, the second rightmost one, and the one almost directly SW from the second one. All three items are Heart Scales.

Near the lighthouse is a Farfetch’d that gives you yet another Leek.

This city has the Hoenn version of the Department Store. The highlights:
2F, Top cashier:
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000
Full Heal - 600

2F, Bottom cashier:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Full Heal - 600
Escape Rope - 550
Max Repel - 700

3F: The girl behind the counter is a Move Tutor for Superpower.

4F, Cashier:
Poke Doll - 1000
Fire Stone - 2100
Thunder Stone - 2100
Water Stone - 2100
Leaf Stone - 2100
Moon Stone - 2100
Sun Stone - 2100
Shiny Stone - 2100
Dusk Stone - 2100
Dawn Stone - 2100

5F, Top cashier:
HP Up - 9800
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Calcium - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Carbos - 9800

Bottom one sells:
X Attack - 500
X Defense - 550
X Speed - 350
X Sp.Atk - 350
X Sp.Def - 350
X Accuracy - 950
Guard Spec - 700
Dire Hit - 650

Alright, now that we found a store that sells all the evolution stones (except Ice Stone which isn't used until Gen 4 to get Glaceon), let's just have a quick run of which Pokemon need them so you'd know how many of each you should get.

Fire Stone: Vulpix -> Ninetales, Growlithe -> Arcanine, Eevee -> Flareon, Pansear -> Simisear
Thunder Stone: Pikachu -> Raichu, Eevee -> Jolteon, Eelektrik -> Eelektross
Water Stone: Poliwhirl -> Poliwrath, Shellder -> Cloyster, Staryu -> Starmie, Eevee -> Vaporeon, Lombre -> Ludicolo, Panpour -> Simipour
Leaf Stone: Gloom -> Vileplume, Weepinbell -> Victreebell, Exeggcute -> Exeggutor, Nuzleaf -> Shiftry, Pansage -> Simisage
Moon Stone: Nidorina -> Nidoqueen, Nidorino -> Nidoking, Clefairy -> Clefable, Jigglypuff -> Wigglytuff, Skitty -> Delcatty, Munna -> Musharna
Sun Stone: Gloom -> Bellossom, Sunkern -> Sunflora, Cottonee -> Whimsicott, Petilil -> Lilligant, Helioptile -> Heliolisk
Shiny Stone: Togetic -> Togekiss, Roselia -> Roserade, Minccino -> Cinccino, Floette -> Florges
Dusk Stone: Murkrow -> Honchkrow, Misdreavus -> Mismagius, Lampent -> Chandelure, Doublade -> Aegislash
Dawn Stone: Kirlia -> Gallade (male only), Snorunt -> Froslass (female only)

The house next to the ship has a captain inside. Defeat him to get him to transport you to Mossdeep City.
Sailor Eldritch
Gorebyss LV 33
Sealeo LV 33
Dragonair LV 34

----------
ROUTE 124:
----------
Or not. Because of the choppy waters, the captain must make a stop on this island while he charts a safe course. That's ok, because there are several things for you to do here.

To the south of where you land are three trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Keith
Huntail LV 33

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Nancy
Gorebyss LV 33

MINOR ICONIC
Blackbelt Rocky
Walrein LV 32
Quagsire LV 32

To the east is Lance, who needs your help to stop TMg and TA from unleashing Groudon and Kyogre respectively. As it was the last time you teamed up with Lance, you must choose which team you want to face, and Lance will face the other team.

If you choose TMg, you will face:
TMg Buck
Houndoom LV 32
Mightyena LV 32

TMg Mike
Houndoom LV 32
Golbat LV 32

TMg Darren
Houndoom LV 32
Mightyena LV 32

ICONIC BATTLE
TMg Tabithia
Mightyena LV 34
Golbat LV 33

If you choose TA, you will face:
TA Chaz
Crawdaunt LV 32
Walrein LV 32

TA Max
Walrein LV 32 x 2

TA Barry
Crawdaunt LV 32
Walrein LV 32

ICONIC BATTLE
TA Shelly
Carvanha LV 33
Crawdaunt LV 34
Walrein LV 33

Although you can choose whichever route you want, battling with TA gives you the highest exp yield, thanks to all the Walrein they have.

Regardless of which team you choose, after you beat them, you will have to face Groudon, and then Kyogre. Both are LV 35. Both of them are pretty heavy so you'll get bonuses from using Heavy Balls, although Groudon weighs more than Kyogre so it will have a higher bonus. However, their base Speed is under 100 so Fast Balls won't work well here.

Note that Kyogre has Aqua Ring for healing and Groudon has Rest.

Once they're caught, Lance thanks you and leaves, letting you go back to the captain who will now take you to Mossdeep City.

--------------
MOSSDEEP CITY:
--------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Wingull.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wailmer and Sharpedo.

Go north on the beach. You'll encounter a Mudkip that’ll give you a Pearl, a Move Tutor for Dynamic Punch and find a Big Pearl at the end of the path.

Outside of the Pokemon Centre, there is a trainer to battle.
Camper Jimmy
Blastoise LV 33
Charmeleon LV 33
Ivysaur LV 33

On the tile left from Steven Stone's mailbox is a hidden Star Piece. Inside the house, Steven will give you a LV 30 Beldum.

A guy on the plateau in the SE part of the island will give you a King's Rock.

The left house on the plateau in the NE part of the island contains two vendors. The left one sells:
Net Ball - 1000
Dive Ball - 1000
Lure Ball - 200

The right one sells:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

On the raised ground before reaching the Space Centre, there is a hidden Iron in the top left corner.

A guy blocking the elevator door in the Space Centre will give you a Sun Stone.

The gym in this city is full of teleporters, similar to Saffron City. This time, the rooms are not in any particular grid, so I'll just list them by letters:

Room A: Entry room. One trainer. Teleporter to Room B.
Psychic Preston
Kirlia LV 34
Gardevoir LV 34
Ralts LV 34

Room B: Three trainers, two of which can be fought as a double battle. Teleporters to Room A (NW corner), Room C (SW corner) and Room D (SE corner).
Psychic Maura
Kadabra LV 36
Meditite LV 36

Psychic Samantha
Xatu LV 36 

Psychic Blake
Natu LV 36

Room C: Two trainers. NE Teleporter leads to Room B. The other two teleporters lead into each other.
Psychic Macey
Girafarig LV 36
Kadabra LV 36

Psychic Clifford
Girafarig LV 36
Wobbuffet LV 36

Room D: Two trainers. SW teleporter leads to Room C. NE teleporter leads to Room E.
Psychic Nate
Spoink LV 36

Psychic Nicholas
Ralts LV 36

Room E: Tate and Liza. SW teleporter leads to Room D. SE teleporter is a one-way teleport to Room A.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADERS TATE & LIZA (2v2) (Double Battle)
Solrock LV 40
Lunatone LV 40

Beat Tate and Liza in a double battle for the Mind Badge and TM03 (Psyshock).

The Hoenn teleport system also updates again, allowing you to teleport to Lilycove City and Mossdeep City.

The next town is Sootopolis and if you ask around, you'll learn about a Psychic who can teleport you there. He's in the SE part of the island. Talk to him and get teleported to...

----------------------
IZABE ISLAND (PURIKA):
----------------------
Wait, what?

Fishing (Old Rod): Psyduck and Surskit.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit and Tentacruel.

At the top of the island is a ferry back to Mossdeep City if you need to go back.

Northeast of the Contest Hall is a Move Tutor for Foul Play.

The Contest Hall has another Move Tutor, this time for Skill Swap. There's also a battle with Harley from the Anime as well.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Harley
Cacturne LV 37

Go to the forest. You'll get to fight another one of the Elite Four, Drake. Consider this an honour.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Drake
Shelgon LV 46
Altaria LV 48

-------------
IZABE FOREST:
-------------
Wild Pokemon: Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Ralts, Kirlia, Heracross, Tauros, Gardevoir, Poochyena. Level 27-32.

There's 8 trainers throughout:
Bug Catcher Darren
Caterpie LV 36
Pinsir LV 36
Volbeat LV 36

Bug Catcher Erik
Butterfree LV 38

Bug Catcher Gavin
Beedrill LV 36
Ariados LV 36
 
Bug Catcher Ross
Caterpie LV 36
Yanma LV 36
Ledyba LV 36
Ledian LV 36

Bug Catcher Jerrald
Masquerain LV 36
Shedinja LV 36
Butterfree LV 36

Bug Catcher Alphonse
Forretress LV 38

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Samantha
Mawile LV 38

Bug Catcher Edward
Scizor LV 38

There's one Move Tutor (Bug Bite, south from the entrance), and 4 items:

An Ultra Ball east from the entrance (go around the trees).
A Full Heal in the NE corner of the forest.
A Poke Ball hidden in the southern part of the forest. It's in the top left tile of the big southern grass patch.
A Muscle Band at the end of the path east from the exit.

Continue south to another part of Izabe Island.

----------------------
IZABE ISLAND (RIYADO):
----------------------
In the left house, there's an old woman who will give you TM107 (Curse).

The right house has a trader who will trade your Magneton for his Togetic.

Go through the Gate House to the Izabe Desert.

-------------
IZABE DESERT:
-------------
Weather forecast: Sandstorm
Wild Pokemon: Trapinch, Claydol, Rhydon, Camerupt, Phanpy, Donphan, Vibrava, *Baltoy. Level 27-32.

There’s a permanent sandstorm here, so try to take something that's immune to it. There's 8 guys in the desert, all trainers except one in the middle.
Hiker Phil
Nosepass LV 35
Lairon LV 35

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Elisa
Meganium LV 37

Hiker Jimmy
Machoke LV 36
Torkoal LV 36
Sandshrew LV 36

Hiker Wikinson
Graveler LV 36
Sudowoodo LV 36
Mawile LV 36

Hiker Lucas
Alakazam LV 35
Anorith LV 35

Hiker Sky
Donphan LV 38

Hiker Jaune
Sandslash LV 38

The one in the middle gives you a Claw Fossil (for Anorith). Talk to him again to obtain a Root Fossil (for Lileep). Remember that the fossils can be revived in Pewter City. There are also three items: a Hard Stone in the very south, a second Hard Stone roughly in the middle, and a Safety Goggles in the very north.

Enter the Izabe Cave in the eastern part of the desert.

-----------
IZABE CAVE:
-----------
Wild Pokemon: *Snorunt, Zigzagoon, Mawile, *Absol, Girafarig, Azurill. Level 27-32.

Once you enter, you'll get into another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Seviper LV 34
Dustox LV 34
Chimecho LV 32
Wobbuffet LV 35
Cacnea LV 34

Then go right to find an ICONIC LV 32 Snorunt. Add it to your team and continue through the cave to find a healer. The rest of this icy cave has three trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Gordon
Heracross LV 38

Bird Keeper Larry
Tropius LV 36
Golbat LV 36
Pelipper LV 36
Doduo LV 36

Beauty Chelsea
Igglybuff LV 36
Dustox LV 36
Trapinch LV 36 (shiny)

In addition, there are two items: Never-Melt Ice and Bright Powder. Apart from a few ice puzzles, nothing major.

Note: The only puzzle that might present some difficulties is how to pass the second ice field. Do it like this:
1. Get the Bright Powder -- that is the easy part since most ways through the field can get you in this area.
2. Go to the left edge of this area, second tile from the bottom.
3. Go left, down, and right to end up at the correct exit.

At the end, get out to a third town of Izabe Island.

----------------------
IZABE ISLAND (CEROSI):
----------------------
There is a move tutor outside the Pokemon Centre that will teach you Icy Wind and near the Town sign is a Munchlax that’ll give you some Leftovers.

Not much else to do here. Talk to the sailor in the NE corner to be offered a ride - you can go to Mossdeep, Izabe, or Sootopolis.

Talking to this sailor unlocks the ferry system around Izabe Island. The right ship in Mossdeep City can now take you to Izabe Front (start of the island) or Izabe Back (here), and the ship at the start of the island can now take you here as well as back to Mossdeep City. Similarly, the "Izabe" choice on this ride will take you to the start of the island.

But we're going to press on and go to Sootopolis City!

----------------
SOOTOPOLIS CITY:
----------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Wailmer.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit, Sharpedo, and Tentacruel.

Go north and enter the first house after the Poke Mart. The two guys here will give you an Ether and an Elixir.

Go across the bay, past the Gym. Grab a Protein at the end of the path.

Nothing else can be done here at the moment, so hit the Gym.

This Gym is fairly open. It has six trainers before you face Juan.
Swimmer Andre
Luvdisc LV 40
Luvdisc LV 39 x2

Swimmer Bridget
Azumarill LV 40

Swimmer Criss
Carvanha LV 39
Sharpedo LV 39
Goldeen LV 39
Wailmer LV 39

Swimmer Connie
Goldeen LV 40

Swimmer Brianna
Clamperl LV 35
Lombre LV 39
Seaking LV 40
Corphish LV 37

Swimmer Tiffany
Azurill LV 35
Marill LV 37
Azumarill LV 39

You have to fight him twice, once in a double battle and again in a single battle -- the battles are also in a row.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER JUAN Round 1 (5v2)
Seaking LV 41
Sealeo LV 41

Round 2 (5v3):
Luvdisc LV 43
Whiscash LV 43
Milotic LV 45

When you defeat him, you'll receive the Rain Badge and TM96 (Razor Shell).

Go to the Pokemon Centre. You'll learn that May wants you to come to Pacifidlog Town.

Beating Juan also updated the Hoenn teleport system again. Also, if you go to Fallarbor Town, you will find a LV 50 Jirachi next to the Contest Hall! Catch it!

Note that Jirachi has a base Speed of 100, meaning that Fast Ball has a bonus against it. However, don't use Heavy Balls -- despite Jirachi being a Steel type, it's actually very light.

Also note that you might need multiple attempts. You can't just throw Jirachi to 1 HP using False Swipe -- it has Double-Edge and can accidentally KO itself.

Take the ship from Sootopolis City to Pacifidlog Town (note that you must get the scene in the Pokemon Centre first).

----------------
PACIFIDLOG TOWN:
----------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Wailmer.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit, Sharpedo, and Tentacruel.

This town is built on a bunch of wooden platforms in water for whatever reason. Each of the plank paths has a trainer on it.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Kimmy
Linoone LV 40 (Tokin)

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Roderick
Bellsprout LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Erica
Jynx LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Joshua
Houndoom LV 40

The middle house in the bottom row has a guy who will give you a Heart Scale. The guy outside the house is a Move Tutor for Low Kick. There’s also a Spheal that’ll give you a Snowball.

Go to the Contest Hall. There's a Move Tutor who teaches After You plus May. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator May
Combusken LV 38
Bulbasaur LV 36
Skitty LV 36
Beautifly LV 38
Munchlax LV 32

Once you beat her, the ship will take you to a new location: The Ever Grande Conference, site of the Hoenn League.

-----------------------
EVER GRANDE CONFERENCE:
-----------------------
This small island is basically five "lumps" with various features.

SE lump: This is where you start.

Central area: Two shops here.

On the left:
Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20
Sitrus Berry - 20

On the right (TR):
Cleanse Tag - 5000
Destiny Knot - 4000
EverStone - 2100
Poke Doll - 1000
Heart Scale - 100

SW lump: Grass.
Wild Pokemon: Linoone, Crobat, Donphan, Wingull, Oddish, Misdreavus, Hoothoot, Wynaut, Shelgon, Sudowoodo, Vibrava, Jynx. Level 35-38.

The Pokemon here are mainly EXP fodder. We haven't found Shelgon's line elsewhere in the wild yet, but there will be Bagons in the wild soon.

NE lump: A trainer you can beat.
MINOR ICONIC
Poke Maniac Anthony
Swalot LV 40
Pinsir LV 40

There is also an Incense shop.
Full Incense - 5000
Lax Incense - 5000
Luck Incense - 11000
Odd Incense - 2000
Pure Incense - 6000
Rock Incense - 2000
Rose Incense - 2000
Sea Incense - 2000
Wave Incense - 2000

North lump: Drink shop.
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350
Berry Juice - 100

NW lump: Pokemon League.

First, fight Brock who's waiting here. Then enter the building.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Forretress LV 45
Ludicolo LV 38
Mudkip LV 36

At this point, this should be familiar. The guy on the left is a Poke Mart, the girl left from the entrance will register you for the league, there's a Pokemon Centre in the top right corner, and so on.

You start with the Elimination round (leftmost exit).
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Black Belt Gilbert
Hitmonlee LV 42

Then continue with three Double Battles (second exit from the left x3).
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Youngster Dominick
Tropius LV 42
Swalot LV 42

LEAGUE BATTLE
Picnicker Kaylee
Sharpedo LV 42
Camerupt LV 42

ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Clark
Quilava LV 42
Charizard LV 42

Next is the Top 32 (middle exit):
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Katie
Venomoth LV 46
Golduck LV 46
Scizor LV 46
Dugtrio LV 46
Walrein LV 46
Misdreavus LV 46

After that is Top 16 (second exit from the right), which is against Morrison:
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Black Belt Morrison
Girafarig LV 48
Steelix LV 48
Swampert LV 48
Gligar LV 48
Metang LV 50
Growlithe LV 48

And finally, the Top 8 (rightmost exit), against Tyson.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tyson
Sceptile LV 50
Hariyama LV 50
Metagross LV 50
Shiftry LV 50
Meowth LV 52
Donphan LV 50

All Pokémon in your party will have the Ever Grande Ribbon on them afterwards.

Alright, so we've got to Top 8 (where we're stopping). When you go out, one of Professor Oak's assistants meets you and asks you to go see the Professor. The ship in Ever Grande Conference will now take you straight to Littleroot Town, so you can just teleport to Pallet Town and go visit him. He will tell you that the Battle Frontier has opened in Kanto. So, the third generation is not over yet - we still have to deal with this before we get to Sinnoh!

But before we start with Kanto Battle Frontier, some new Legendary Pokemon can now be obtained! But even before THAT, you can fight Tracey on the ground floor of Oak's lab.
ICONIC BATTLE
Watcher Tracey
Venonat LV 50
Scyther LV 54
Marill LV 50

And now, remember the Pidgeotto that was near the bottom row of houses in Pallet Town? It’s now evolved into a Pidgeot and gives you a Lansat Berry.

Now go to Route 121 (west of Lilycove City). Go west until you find the fishing platform (if you were catching Clamperl/Luvdisc here, you know where it is). Latias and Latios are now on this platform and you can fight them and catch them.

Both Latias and Latios are fast, so Fast Balls are preferable. They are troublesome because they both know Recover (so it's hard to keep them at low HP) and Psycho Shift (so they can pass status problems to your Pokemon instead).


--------------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 3.5: THE BATTLE FRONTIER
--------------------------------------------

--------------
VIRIDIAN CITY:
--------------
Surprise! The Gym that got destroyed is now standing again! There are two important people here. One of them is Scott, the owner of the Battle Frontier. The other is Agatha, member of the Kanto Elite Four. Scott asks you to battle and beat Agatha, saying that if you succeed, he will invite you to take the Battle Frontier challenge.

You can now fight Agatha from the Elite Four who stands in front of it.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Elite Four Agatha
Gengar LV 50

After you beat her, you will again talk to Scott, who congratulates you and gives you the Frontier Pass.

Go to Cerulean City.

--------------
CERULEAN CITY:
--------------
Get a rematch with Misty in the Gym.
ICONIC BATTLE:
Gym Leader Misty
Goldeen LV 50
Gyarados LV 52
Staryu LV 53
Politoed LV 50
Luvdisc LV 45 (Caserin)
Azurill LV 40

Then go west to Route 4. You might remember that there was an item here that you couldn't get before, but now part of the fence disappeared and you can grab a Life Orb.

Go a bit west from the fence. There is a path to the north. Take it to get to the Battle Factory.

---------------
BATTLE FACTORY:
---------------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokemon: Growlithe, Beedrill, Graveler, Golem, Geodude, Arcanine, Onix, Jigglypuff, Cleffa, Clefairy. Level 35-38.

First you have to pass through a winding path with four trainers.
Psychic Mal
Natu LV 44
Grumpig LV 44
Medicham LV 44
Beldum LV 44

Poke Maniac Adam
Flygon LV 45

In between these two trainers is a Move Tutor who will teach the move Trick.
Bug Catcher Vinny
Masquerain LV 44
Pinsir LV 44

Biker Nathan
Breloom LV 44
Aggron LV 44
Surskit LV 44

Then you get to an area with a vendor and TM106 (Bullet Punch).

The vendor sells:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350
Berry Juice - 100
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000

Liza, the Charizard girl is here again to act as a Day Care.

Enter the building.

Inside looks like a smaller version of the various Pokemon Leagues -- you have a Poke Mart and a Pokemon Centre in there, and a guy who lets you in to fight.

Note that despite what people here say, you don't get any rental Pokemon -- you fight Noland with your normal team.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Factory Head Noland (1v1)
Articuno LV 50

Beating him will get you the Knowledge Symbol, and instructions to go to the next challenge in Saffron City.

-------------
SAFFRON CITY:
-------------
First of all, do you remember the Growlithe near the Magnet Train station? He’s also evolved into an Arcanine and now gives you a Choice Band. Next, go to the Fighting Dojo. It was the previous Gym in Saffron City (before Sabrina came). Now that you've beaten Noland, it's finally open to us! It contains 5 trainers.
Black Belt Braden
Breloom LV 40

Black Belt Aron
Hariyama LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Terri
Hitmontop LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Kyle
Hitmonchan LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Master
Hitmonlee LV 42

The last one will give you TM94 (Rock Smash). 

You can also visit the Contest Hall now (it was blocked previously). Like in the others, there's a Move Tutor -- this one teaches Zen Headbutt. There's also a Pokémon Coordinator from the anime for you to fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Lillian
Espeon LV 45

Now, go through the SW exit, where you will fight May.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator May
Combusken LV 40
Squirtle LV 35
Munchlax LV 38

After beating her, continue to Battle Arena.
BATTLE ARENA:
Go all the way around the Arena, fighting a few trainers as you go.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Emily
Psyduck LV 44
Rapidash LV 40 x2
Machop LV 41
Machoke LV 41
Machamp LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Mitch and Lass Lisa (Double Battle)
Loudred LV 43
Jigglypuff LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Twins Rhoda & Rhonda (Double battle)
Sneasel LV 45
Mr. Mime LV 45

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Mariah
Flaaffy LV 42
Mareep LV 42
Ampharos LV 42

In the NW corner, you will find a Black Belt. Now go inside and fight the four trainers there.
Black Belt Codie
Mankey LV 44
Machoke LV 44
Makuhita LV 44

Crush Girl Miranda
Primeape LV 46

Black Belt Nate
Hitmonchan LV 44
Hitmontop LV 44
Hitmonlee LV 44

Crush Girl Chole
Heracross LV 44
Poliwhirl LV 44

Then go through the door to fight Greta.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Arena Tycoon Greta (2v2)
Hariyama LV 50
Medicham LV 50

Beating Greta gets you the Guts Symbol and unlocks two new places -- the southern exit from Lavender Town, and the eastern exit from Fuchsia City. They form a big loop -- let's go for it from the Lavender side.

There's a Move Tutor for Volt Tackle in the gate building. Go south to Route 12.

---------
ROUTE 12:
---------
Fishing (Old Rod): Magikarp and Wailmer.
Fishing (Good Rod): Gyarados, Goldeen, and Tentacruel.

Go south and after the first set of stairs, go left. In the upper left and lower left corners of this area are two hidden items: an Elixir and a Lure Ball.

Go south on the pier/bridge and beat the first trainer. To the southwest of him you can also grab an Assault Vest.
Fisherman Kyle
Seaking LV 39
Qwilfish LV 39
Surskit LV 39

Next guy you see will give you a Net Ball. Then you meet five more trainers.
Bird Keeper Gail
Fearow LV 46

Cool Couple Gia & Jes (Double Battle)
Nidoking LV 45
Nidoqueen LV 45

Fisherman Martin
Octillery LV 42
Whiscash LV 42

When there's a split here, go north first to battle the two trainers. There’s a Metronome next to the top guy.
MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Galea
Vaporeon LV 44

MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Saridakis
Crawdaunt LV 44

Now continue on south to the breeding centre, who has a trainer guarding it.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Nicolette
Vileplume LV 45

Now you can reach the small island with the Pokemon Breeding Centre. You can't pass because of all the eggs, so go inside for another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie and James
Seviper LV 40
Cacnea LV 40
Dustox LV 40
Wobbuffet LV 36
Mime Jr. LV 5

Afterwards, you can accept several eggs. If you want to take them, remember that the Breeding Center has a PC. It also has a healer inside.

So, there's a total of 9 eggs you can get (despite the claims that they will give you one as a gift, you can grab all nine). They are: Cleffa, Eevee, Igglybuff, Pichu, Magby, Makuhita, Smoochum, Vulpix, and Elekid. You probably don't NEED any of them (maybe except Eevee since you need a LOT of those to complete the Pokedex), but hey, they are free.

The SW corner of the island (before the pier) has a hidden Iron.

Three more trainers and then you can leave south to Route 13.
Bird Keeper Justin
Xatu LV 44
Noctowl LV 41

Fisherman Barney
Gyarados LV 43
Gyarados LV 40 x2
Magikarp LV 40
Milotic LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Rocker Jeremy
Venusaur LV 44
Butterfree LV 43

---------
ROUTE 13:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Farfetch'd, Bellossom, Barboach, Dragonair, Surskit, Exeggutor, Azumarill, Vileplume, Machop, Shroomish. Level 35-38.
Fishing (Old Rod): Goldeen and Marill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit, Barboach and Quagsire.

There's one trainer left on the bridge.
Hiker Kenny
Sandslash LV 41
Golem LV 41
Pupitar LV 41

After you leave the bridge there are eight more trainers in the maze of fences.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Solana
Plusle LV 46

Cool Couple Cassie & Braden (Double Battle)
Zangoose LV 45
Seviper LV 45

Camper Clark
Marshtomp LV 46

Bird Keeper Pery
Dodrio LV 42
Scyther LV 42
Skiploom LV 42

Bird Keeper Bret
Taillow LV 41
Fearow LV 41

Camper Tanner
Sealeo LV 46

Picnicker Piper
Spoink LV 43
Wynaut LV 43

If you need healing, just enter the Battle Dome building -- there's a healer on the right side.

When you're done here, go to the Battle Dome and talk to the guy on top to fight Tucker.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Dome Ace Tucker (Double Battle) (2v2)
Swampert LV 53
Arcanine LV 53

Beating him opens a new area in the Safari Zone, so let's go there -- by finishing this loop.

Go south from Route 13 to reach Route 14.

---------
ROUTE 14:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Elekid, Seedot, Scyther, Nuzleaf, Exeggutor, Volbeat, Illumise, Kangaskhan, Linoone, Dugtrio. Level 35-39.

This is basically an open road with 8 trainers.
Bird Keeper Josh
Fearow LV 49

Poke Maniac Trevor
Venusaur LV 45
Blastoise LV 45
Charizard LV 45

Biker Gerald
Seviper LV 49

Biker Malik
Muk LV 45
Swalot LV 45

Biker Lucas
Koffing LV 43
Koffing LV 44 
Koffing LV 45
Koffing LV 46

Twins Kiri & Jan (Double Battle)
Plusle LV 45
Minun LV 45

Poke Maniac Carter
Alakazam LV 45
Aggron LV 45

In the NW corner, there’s a visible Wise Glasses, then next to a ledge, is a hidden Zinc (it's on the tile you have to go through in order to reach the grass patch). In the SW corner, there's 5 Pinap Berries hidden in a flower (second flower from the left in the top row).

In the SE corner of this Route is Celebi! Fight and catch it. Celebi's Speed Stat is 100, so Fast Balls work on it. Actually, it shouldn't be that hard -- Celebi has a much higher catch rate than most Legendaries.

Continue west to Route 15.

---------
ROUTE 15:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Kangaskhan, Linoone, Elekid, Dugtrio, Seedot, Scyther, Nuzleaf, Exeggutor, Volbeat, Illumise. Level 35-39.

This Route is divided into upper and lower levels -- you have to enter Route 15 from the right to get to the upper level. Before you do though, make sure to fight the trainer in the middle of the levels.

The upper level has 4 trainers (two of them are a double battle) and a Rock Incense at the end. 
MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Angela
Kecleon LV 46
Shiftry LV 46

Cool Couple Ron & Mya
Hitmonchan LV 46
Hitmonlee LV 46

Picnicker Celia
Clefairy LV 49

The lower level has another 4 trainers. From east to west:
Camper Yazmin
Weepinbell LV 46
Tangela LV 46
Sunflora LV 46

Biker Alex
Koffing LV 46
Grimer LV 46
Gulpin LV 46

Bird Keeper Chester
Pidgeot LV 49

Biker Ernest
Bellsprout LV 49

Continue west through a gate building to Fuchsia City. Let's hit the Safari Zone!

------------------
SAFARI ZONE HOENN:
------------------
Go north to the lake, then west and north to the exit to the Hoenn area of the Safari Zone.

Wild Pokemon: Bagon, Gardevoir, Nuzleaf, Vigoroth, Beldum, Swablu, Vibrava, Mawile, *Nosepass, *Tropius, Dusclops. Level 30-35.
Fishing (Old Rod): Surskit and Barboach.
Fishing (Good Rod): Lombre, *Spheal, and Clamperl.

Three items here:
Calcium north to where you start.
A Water Stone in the NW corner.
A hidden Nugget: roughly in the centre of the area is a small lake that is just a horizontal line of water. Go west along its north shore. You'll hit a corner -- the Nugget is hidden in that corner.

Go to the NE corner, then west. Beat Brock and enter the Battle Pike.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Forretress LV 48
Marshtomp LV 43
Bonsly LV 5

Pick up a Rocky Helmet on your way inside the Battle Pike. The Battle Pike building has a healer in the top left corner. It has five "paths", reached by talking to the five attendants on the top. The "correct" path is the second one from the right -- that leads to the boss. But you might want to explore the four other paths first -- they lead to two trainers and two items: a Sacred Ash and a Max Revive.
Poke Maniac Ace
Charizard LV 49

Poke Maniac Smoker
Weezing LV 49

ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Pike Queen Lucy (2v2)
Seviper LV 55
Milotic LV 55

Note that leaving the area of Battle Pike will deposit you back in the entry gate of Safari Zone. Also, your Safari Game ends immediately when you enter the Battle Pike.

Now get to Cinnabar Island. The ship here will now have a new destination: Metallica Island.

-----------------
METALLICA ISLAND:
-----------------
W eather Forecast: Almost always Sunny
Wild Pokemon: Beedrill, Aron, Tropius, Rhyhorn, *Meditite, Smoochum, Girafarig, Rapidash, Nidoking, Ponyta. Level 38-41.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wingull and Surskit.
Fishing (Good Rod): Surskit and Pelipper.

There is a trainer on the main part of the island.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Brianna
Surskit LV 44
Vibrava LV 44

Left of the Battle Palace are two trees that stand next to each other. Search the empty tile right of them for TM78 (Bulldoze). Then go inside the Battle Palace.

Battle Palace itself is very simple. Just a healer, a PC, and a way to fight Spenser.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Palace Maven Spenser (3v3)
Shiftry LV 55
Claydol LV 55
Venusaur LV 55

Now go to Route 22 (west of Viridian City). You can now use the south exit to Route 26.

---------
ROUTE 26:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Jynx, Butterfree, Ninetales, Snorunt, Loudred, Persian, Spinda, Mawile, Manectric, Growlithe, Venomoth, Spearow. Level 38-41.
Fishing (Old Rod): Lotad and Azurill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Gyarados, Marill and Lombre.

First things first, make sure to pick up the Soul Dew in the northwest corner of the route.

Basically, this is a long north-south route with Battle Tower at the south end. There are six trainers along the way.
Psychic Vernon
Espeon LV 49

Cool Trainer Gavin
Victreebel LV 46
Kingler LV 46
Blaziken LV 46

Cool Trainer Jamie
Pikachu LV 46
Flaaffy LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Luna
Scizor LV 47

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Mollie
Raticate LV 45
Absol LV 45

Fisherman Scott
Qwilfish LV 46 x2
Seaking LV 46

Cool Trainer Joyce
Rapidash LV 46
Sunflora LV 46
Blastoise LV 46

Cool Trainer Jake
Parasect LV 46
Meganium LV 46
Golduck LV 46

There are a few more items as well:

The first grass patch contains a visible Max Elixir.

The first house contains a healer.

There is a guy in the grass patch by the second house who will give you TM100 (Horn Leech).

While you won't get anything inside the second house, the tile just below from the door hides a Rare Candy.

The Battle Tower has a healer and a PC. There's also a Move Tutor there for Torment. There are two girls behind a counter. Talk to the left one to take the challenge, where you have to go through a hall and beat five trainers.
Cool Trainer Seamus
Clefable LV 48
Kadabra LV 48 

Cool Trainer Sam
Solrock LV 50

Cool Trainer Justin
Girafarig LV 50

Cool Trainer Matt
Ursaring LV 48
Hypno LV 48

Cool Trainer Alex
Gardevoir LV 48
Eevee LV 48
Lopunny LV 48

Then talk to the right girl to take on Anabel.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Salon Maiden Anabel (3v3)
Alakazam LV 57
Espeon LV 57
Metagross LV 57

Beating Anabel opens the last stage of Battle Frontier, but first there’s something else we can do here on Route 26. There's an island in the lake and Deoxys appears on the island! Deoxys is fast, so Fast Balls are the preferable ammunition.

Then go to Pewter City and take the new exit west to Battle Pyramid.

---------------
BATTLE PYRAMID:
---------------
Right after you enter the area, you'll be thrown into a battle against Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix LV 54
Geodude LV 50
Forretress LV 50
Marshtomp LV 45
Crobat LV 51
Bonsly LV 7

Beat him, and you'll be able to get to the Battle Pyramid. Near the entrance is a Move Tutor for Extreme Speed.

Wild Pokemon: Miltank, Nuzleaf, Shroomish, Altaria, Seedot, Pidgeot, Salamence, Hoothoot, Mankey, Vigoroth, Ninetales, Slaking. Level 40-43.
Fishing (Old Rod): Azurill and Remoraid.
Fishing (Good Rod): Mantine and Gyarados.

There's a Wide Lens in the SE corner of the area. There are two trainers on the route to the Pyramid.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Hank
Nosepass LV 48

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Ada
Chatot LV 49

The Battle Pyramid is a bit more complicated than the previous areas. You need to:

1. Fight Brandon who is NOT in the building, but outside (west from the stairs to the plateau).
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Pyramid King Brandon Round 1 (1v1)
Regirock LV 65

Next, go inside, where you'll find the usual amenities; healer, PC, plus even a Day Care (Liza). Talk to the guy at the top and fight Brandon again, "officially".
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Pyramid King Brandon Round 2 (1v1)
Registeel LV 65

After that, go outside. An Aipom will steal your Frontier Pass and flee towards the Indigo Plateau. Follow it there, and head to the contest hall next to the Indigo Stadium. Before you get there, you will be stopped by a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Keenan
Sudowoodo LV 49

Once past him, face the coordinators in the stadium for the Kanto Grand Festival.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Drew
Roselia LV 50
Masquerain LV 48
Flygon LV 48
Butterfree LV 48
Absol LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Harley
Cacturne LV 50
Octillery LV 48
Ariados LV 48
Wigglytuff LV 48
Banette LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Solidad
Slowbro LV 49
Lapras LV 49
Pidgeot LV 49
Butterfree LV 49

When you talk to May, she'll tell you to go add the ICONIC LV 5 Aipom just inside the main gate to your team. That's outstanding advice. Let's go do it.

Now you can go back to Battle Pyramid and fight Brandon for the third time.
ICONIC FRONTIER BATTLE
Pyramid King Brandon Round 3 (4v4)
Dusclops LV 60
Solrock LV 60
Regice LV 65
Ninjask LV 60

The Pokémon that you select to battle him will have the Victory Ribbon on them afterwards.
After you win, Brandon will leave you Poke Balls with Regirock, Regice, and Registeel in the Battle Pyramid. Another three Legendaries obtained, and this time without RNG!

Don't forget to heal -- you will have to fight May before you get back to Pewter City. She's high off of her win at the Festival and wants to have one last battle with you before she leaves for Johto.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator May
Blaziken LV 50
Munchlax LV 45
Beautifly LV 47
Skitty LV 44
Squirtle LV 45
Eevee LV 40

Well, that would be our last battle with her before she leaves for Johto, except there’s now a contest that we can enter on Route 22. To enter, talk to the man in the middle of the tent that you see when entering Route 22 from the Viridian City side. Then, you pick 2 of your Pokémon, where 1 of them are evaluated for the 1st round before battling May.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Coordinator May
Blaziken LV 50

The Pokémon that you select to battle her will have the Terracotta Ribbon on them afterwards.

Then go to Pallet Town and beat Gary who blocks your way to the lab.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Gary
Electivire LV 50

Afterwards, talk to Oak again and he'll open Gen 4 to you, as well as give you a new outfit! You can also put the Sinnoh Cap on Pikachu from the left Cap Drawer in your room.

Go to Vermilion City. The left ship (the one you use to go to Hoenn) will now take you to Sinnoh.

----------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 4: THE SINNOH REGION
----------------------------------------


----------------------
ROUTE 202 (West Side):
----------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Starly, *Chatot, *Budew, *Bidoof, *Buneary, Zigzagoon, Staravia. Level 2-5.
Fishing (Old Rod): Mantyke and Remoraid.
Fishing (Good Rod): Mantine and Bibarel.

New 4th Gen Pokemon start here! Budew is the 4th-gen pre-evolution of Roselia, a Pokemon we haven't found yet. Just bear in mind that you will need Rose Incense if you wish to breed more Budews and not just Roselias.

Start by going south to Sandgem Town. Along the way you should spot an ICONIC LV 3 Starly. Have it join your team.

-------------
SANDGEM TOWN:
-------------
South of the Poké Mart is a Starly that’ll give you a Haban Berry.

Go to the lab. You'll meet your new rival, Paul, and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Starly LV 4
Elekid LV 7
Chimchar LV 5

The lab contains a teleporter that connects it to the teleporters in other regions. Grab the Gift Piplup from the table.

Before going into the world, let's go west, to Route 201.

----------
ROUTE 201:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Starly, Chatot, Budew, Bidoof, Buneary, Zigzagoon, Staravia. Level 2-5.

Nothing interesting here -- continue west and north to Lake Verity.

------------
LAKE VERITY:
------------
Wild Pokemon: Starly, Chatot, Budew, Bidoof, Buneary, Zigzagoon, Staravia. Level 2-5.
Fishing (Old Rod): Mantyke and Remoraid. Level 2-5
Fishing (Good Rod): Mantine and Bibarel. Level 3-5

Grab TM19 (Psychic Fangs) in the NE corner. Nothing else to do here for now.

Go south from Route 201 to reach Twinleaf Town.

--------------
TWINLEAF TOWN:
--------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Psyduck and Magikarp. Level 2-5
Fishing (Good Rod): Goldeen and Golduck. Level 3-5

There is the Fist Plate in the SW corner.
Plate Collection: 1/18
There is also a Move Tutor here for Fury Cutter.

Time to move on. Return to Sandgem Town and talk to Dawn in the NE corner.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 5

Defeat her and you can leave to a new section of Route 202.
ROUTE 202 (East Side):
There are three trainers on this side of the route.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gentleman Nando
Roselia LV 6

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Minnie
Scizor LV 5

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Jeffery
Marowak LV 5

There is also an ICONIC Gift Turtwig (LV 5) who won't let you into the woods. Add it to your team. In the woods, there is a girl who will give you a Miracle Seed. Four flowers here also hold items:
Chesto Berry (top right flower in the group of 3 in the SW corner).
Sitrus Berry (the rightmost flower in the L-shaped patch close to SE corner).
Leppa Berry (the lone flower in the NE corner).
Lum Berry (the lone flower in the NW corner, NE from the house).

Go north to Jubilife City.

--------------
JUBILIFE CITY:
--------------
Right from the start, go west around the plateau the city is on to get an X Attack at the end of the road.
The first house you come to has an old lady who will give you a Quick Claw.
Brock is in the western part of the city. Fight him. He'll give you a Sacred Ash.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Bonsly LV 9
Croagunk LV 10

The house NE of Brock is a school. There's a trainer there.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Landis
Shinx LV 6

In the middle of the city is a park. Search the right tile below the tree there for a Stardust. The figure NW of the park is a move tutor for the move Roost.

The Jubilife Contest Hall has a Move Tutor who will teach you Endure. Talk to the attendant to get a Contest Pass. You also have an opportunity to enter the Jubilife City Pokemon Contest itself. After your choice of pokemon is evaluated, you move on to the battle round.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Zoey
Glameow LV 9

Despite beating her, you still are declared the loser of the Contest. At least you're given a Tamato Berry as a consolation prize. Oh joy!

There are two new exits right now: north and east. Go east for now.

----------
ROUTE 203:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Pidgey, Spearow, Seedot, Nuzleaf, Hoothoot, Natu, Taillow, Swablu, Swellow, Pidgeot, Shiftry, Vileplume. Level 4-7.
Fishing (Old Rod): Psyduck and Magikarp.
Fishing (Good Rod): Golduck and Seaking.

Once you enter, you'll get into a fight with Paul.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Chimchar LV 8

Go right and up and beat a trainer.
Youngster Michael
Bidoof LV 6
Zubat LV 6

Then grab an item to the right (a Poke Ball).

Continue right and fight two other trainers.
Youngster Dallas
Kricketot LV 8

Lass Kaitlin
Bidoof LV 5
Starly LV 5
Budew LV 5

Then go up and left past another two trainers to get the item at the end of the path (a Repel).
Youngster Sebastian
Machop LV 8

Lass Madeline
Starly LV 6
Bidoof LV 6

Go back right and enter the cave.

--------------
OREBURGH GATE:
--------------
Wild Pokemon: Zubat, Psyduck, Geodude, Ursaring. Level 4-8.

This is a fairly small cave with just two trainers.
Camper Curtis
Starly LV 8
Shinx LV 8

Picnicker Diana
Budew LV 6
Bidoof LV 9
Psyduck LV 6

There are two hidden items: a Moon Stone is in a lone boulder at the point where a path branches off to the north. From there, go all the way south. Check a tile left of you (diagonally adjacent to two different rock piles) for a Big Pearl. Then go right, fight the first trainer, and grab the Stone Plate at the end.
Plate Collection: 2/18
Go right again, fight the second trainer and exit the cave into Oreburgh City.

--------------
OREBURGH CITY:
--------------
This is a big place so let's explore this place systematically.

Top row of houses:
The left house has a girl who will trade your Machoke for her Kadabra.
The second house has a girl who will give you a Heal Ball if you have a Zubat in your party.
The house at the end of the row (a few positions south from the row) has a guy who will give you a Great Ball.

Go left past the gym. The man in the house there will give you a Dusk Ball.

The museum has a trainer for you to fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Kenzo
Aerodactyl LV 7
Lileep LV 6
Kabutops LV 6
Omanyte LV 6
Armaldo LV 6
Anorith LV 6

Go south in the area in front of the mines. There are four items hidden in breakable rocks. I mean, in rocks that look like they could be breakable. They actually aren't.
1. The SW corner. Contains a Dire Hit.
2. South from a pillar on the western side of the area. Contains a Stardust.
3. A bit NW from the signpost. Contains a Pearl.
4. South of the house. Contains a Yellow Shard.

Enter the Oreburgh Mine to the south.

--------------
OREBURGH MINE:
--------------
Wild Pokemon: Zubat, Geodude, Onix. Level 4-10.

Go down the ladder. This area has two trainers and two visible items: a Poke Ball and an Escape Rope.
Hiker Colin
Geodude LV 7
Machop LV 8

Hiker Mason
Geodude LV 10

Talk to Roark to get him to go back to the Gym. You'll also get a Skull Fossil that can be revived into Cranidos.

Now go to the Gym. It has two trainers and Roark.
Youngster Jonathon
Geodude LV 11

Youngster Darius
Geodude LV 9
Onix LV 9

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER ROARK (3v3)
Onix LV 12
Rampardos LV 14
Geodude LV 12

Beat him for Coal Badge and TM39 (Head Smash).

The Sinnoh teleport system starts to work now.

The way north from Oreburgh City (Route 207) is blocked by rocks (though you can still catch some new Pokemon there), so go back to Jubilife City and go north to Route 204.

-----------------------
ROUTE 204 (South Side):
-----------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Pachirisu, Paras, *Shinx, Budew, *Kricketot, Bidoof. Level 4-7.
Fishing (Old Rod): Feebas and Magikarp.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bidoof, Seaking, and Golduck.

First of all, enter Route 204 as far to the east as possible (by going around the fence in Jubilife City). This will drop you into an enclosed area with a Paralyze Heal.

Then go along the normal path and fight a trainer.
Lass Sarah
Shinx LV 7

Go around the fence to the left and then all the way back to Jubilife City along this side of the fence to grab a HP Up.

Go north and fight another trainer.
Lass Samantha
Budew LV 7

Further north, you'll find a cave. This part is impassable if you come here before beating Roark, but it will be open now. Fight the last trainer next to the cave and enter.
Youngster Tyler
Magikarp LV 8

-------------
RAVAGED PATH:
-------------
Wild Pokemon: Bidoof, Steelix, Hitmontop, Zubat. L4-7

This is a very short cave path leading to the northern part of Route 204.

-----------------------
ROUTE 204 (North Side):
-----------------------
As soon as you emerge from the cave, you will be accosted by a trainer wanting to take your pokemon.
ICONIC BATTLE 
Cool Trainer J
Salamence LV 14
Drapion LV 13
Ariados LV 13

After you beat her, head on up the path. There are four trainers in this part (two of them are a double battle).
MINOR ICONIC 
Lass Melodi
Gardevoir LV 13
Kirlia LV 13

Bug Catcher Brandon
Wurmple LV 12
Kricketot LV 13

MINOR ICONIC
Twins Haley & Oralie (Double Battle)
Feebas LV 13
Magikarp LV 13

There are two items: an Awakening directly north from the cave (though you'll have to go the long way around to reach it) and a Sea Incense in a nook on the western side. There is also an old lady with a Raichu who will give you an Aspear Berry.

Continue north to Floaroma Town.

--------------
FLOAROMA TOWN:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Often Sunny

The Contest Hall has another battle against Dawn.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 13
Buneary LV 13
Pachirisu LV 13

After you beat her and Dawn leaves, you can also battle one of the other Coordinators.
ICONIC BATTLE
Youngster Kenny
Prinplup LV 14
Alakazam LV 14

There's also a Move Tutor for Recycle.

Go through NW exit to Floaroma Meadow and grab an Ultra Ball, a Leaf Stone, a Miracle Seed, and the Toxic Plate there.
Plate Collection: 3/18
There is a shop to the NW of the normal Poke Mart that is a Berry Shop. Right outside it is a Bellossom that’ll give you a Grass Gem. Those words are capitalised, as it is the DEFINITIVE Berry Shop, with EVERY SINGLE berry in the game available. There are a total of EIGHT vendors in the shop, each selling a different kind of berry.

From left to right the vendors sell:
Sitrus Berry - 20
Figy Berry - 20
Wiki Berry - 20
Mago Berry - 20
Aguav Berry - 20
Iapapa Berry - 20
Razz Berry - 20
Bluk Berry - 20
Nanab Berry - 20

Wepear Berry - 20
Pinap Berry - 20
Pomeg Berry - 20
Kelpsy Berry - 20
Qualot Berry - 20
Hondew Berry - 20
Grepa Berry - 20
Tamato Berry - 20
Cornn Berry - 20

Magost Berry - 20
Rabuta Berry - 20
Nomel Berry - 20
Spelon Berry - 20
Pamtre Berry - 20
Watmel Berry - 20
Durin Berry - 20
Belue Berry - 20
Occa Berry - 20

Passho Berry - 20
Wacan Berry - 20
Rindo Berry - 20
Yache Berry - 20
Chople Berry - 20
Kebia Berry - 20
Shuca Berry - 20
Coba Berry - 20
Payapa Berry - 20

Cheri Berry - 20
Chesto Berry - 20
Pecha Berry - 20
Rawst Berry - 20
Aspear Berry - 20
Leppa Berry - 20
Oran Berry - 20
Persim Berry - 20
Lum Berry - 20

Tanga Berry - 20
Charti Berry - 20
Kasib Berry - 20
Haban Berry - 20
Colbur Berry - 20
Babiri Berry - 20
Chilan Berry - 20
Liechi Berry - 20
Ganlon Berry - 20

Salac Berry - 20
Petaya Berry - 20
Lansat Berry - 20
Starf Berry - 20
Enigma Berry - 20
Micle Berry - 20
Custap Berry - 20
Jaboca Berry - 20

Rowap Berry - 20

There's also a Trainer inside the shop as well.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Forsythia
Roserade LV 13
Lotad LV 13

WHEW! That's a lot. Moving on now.

The house in SE corner has a guy who will give you TM84 (Poison Jab).

Once you defeat Dawn, you can go through the eastern exit and reach Route 205.

---------------------
ROUTE 205 (1st part):
---------------------
Weather Forecast: Sometimes Sunny

Wild Pokemon: *Combee, Shinx, Bellsprout, Budew, Swinub, Bellossom, Skiploom, Sandshrew, Growlithe, Bidoof. Level 8-13.
Fishing (Old Rod): Goldeen and Quagsire.
Fishing (Good Rod): Whiscash and Wooper.

When catching a Combee, make sure you get a female! Only female Combees can evolve. The best way to ensure it is to have a male Pokemon with Cute Charm ability leading the party. The possible Pokemon with this ability that you can have at the moment are Clefairy line, Jigglypuff line, Skitty line, and maybe Sylveon or Lopunny if you've evolved one. All those Pokemon can have another ability and/or be female, so look through your collection to see what you have.

Right at the start, there's a Berry Patch containing 10 Oran Berries. 2/10 patch. Let’s hope that future Sinnoh berry patches are better than this...

This is a big and fairly open route. You'll encounter 8 trainers as you make your way north.
MINOR ICONIC
Twins Marnie & Paige (Double Battle)
Drifloon LV 14 (x4)

Camper Jacob
Ponyta LV 15

MINOR ICONIC (Double Battle)
Youngsters Bryan & Ryan
Croconaw LV 15
Quilava LV 15

Hiker Daniel
Geodude LV 12
Nosepass LV 13
Larvitar LV 14

Aroma Lady Elizabeth
Roselia LV 14

Camper Zackary
Aipom LV 15

Picnicker Seina
Bidoof LV 14
Pachirisu LV 14

Hiker Nicholas
Onix LV 14

Crush Girl Kelsey
Riolu LV 15

Picnicker Karina
Piplup LV 14

There are four visible items -- south to north, they are: an X Attack, a Heal Ball, a Poke Ball, and a Repel.

From the Repel, go north as far as you can, then one tile left and check the tile above you for an X Defense.

The house in the northern part of the route has a healer.

To the southeast of the house, there are some metal poles. The tile below the 3rd one from the top has a hidden Stardust.

Since the path to the NE is blocked, go north into Eterna Forest.

--------------
ETERNA FOREST:
--------------
Wild Pokemon: Combee, *Burmy, Caterpie, Ledyba, Shroomish, Sunkern, Kakuna, Gloom, Vespiquen. Level 8-13.

Note Burmy. You might want more of those because it can evolve in several different ways: males evolve into Mothim (Bug/Flying), but females evolve into Wormadam whose type depends on the "cloak" your Burmy has -- fighting in grass will make it evolve into Bug/Grass, fighting in caves into Bug/Ground, and fighting in cities into Bug/Steel.

Eevee will evolve into Leafeon if you level it up here as there is a Mossy Rock here.

Once you enter the forest, you'll get into another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Seviper LV 42
Dustox LV 42
Carnivine LV 15
Cacnea LV 42
Wobbuffet LV 38
Mime Jr. LV 13

Go north, fight a trainer and grab a Net Ball to the west.
Bug Catcher Jack
Wurmple LV 11
Silcoon LV 13
Beautifly LV 15

From the start, go east, fight a trainer and grab the Insect Plate.
Psychic Kutz
Burmy LV 3
Plate Collection: 4/18
North of you is a group of 7 trees. Line yourself above the centre of the top tree and go north as far as you can. Then turn around -- the tile south of you has a hidden Ether.

Go through a winding path with another two trainers.
Lass Briana
Pachirisu LV 16

MINOR ICONIC
Aroma Lady Cheryl
Chansey LV 16
Wormadam (Plant) LV 15
Mothim LV 15
Wormadam (Sand) LV 15
Wormadam (Trash) LV 15

After beating Cheryl, she'll give you a Power Weight. Then continue on into an area with four big clumps of trees. There are three trainers here.
Bug Catcher Phillip
Wurmple LV 11
Cascoon LV 13
Dustox LV 15

Psychic Rachael
Psyduck LV 17

Psychic Kody
Meditite LV 17

The northwesternmost grass tile hides a Green Shard.

Fight two trainers (optional double battle) in the NE corner to go further.
Psychic Lindsey & Psychic Elijah
Abra LV 17 x2

One tile on a meadow in front of the next grass patch looks a bit different -- there's Honey hidden on that spot.

Fight another trainer nearby.
Bug Catcher Donald
Burmy LV 14 x2

Then go to the NW part of this area for a Dubious Disk. Finally, go east and fight Gardenia.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Gardenia
Cherubi LV 17
Turtwig LV 17

East from her is the exit to another part of Route 205.

---------------------
ROUTE 205 (2nd part):
---------------------
Go north and west along the narrow path to get to the other side of the blocked exit in the previous part. There is TM95 (Snarl) there.

This area has a bridge with three trainers.
Fisherman Joseph
Goldeen LV 17

Fisherman Andrew
Magikarp LV 8
Magikarp LV 10
Magikarp LV 12 x2
Magikarp LV 14
Magikarp LV 16

Fisherman Zachary
Magikarp LV 14 x2
Goldeen LV 16

South from the bridge is a X Sp.Def. In the north is a Berry Patch with 10 Sitrus Berries. 3/10 patch.

Continue east to Eterna City.

------------
ETERNA CITY:
------------
The path to the contest hall is blocked by three small trees that can’t be cut down. Search the middle one for a Berry Juice.

There's a PP Up next to the Bike Shop.

The tall house has a Name Rater on Floor 2, as well as a guy who will give you a Leppa Berry (it doesn't matter how you answer his question). On the top floor is a trader who will trade your Buizel for his Chatot.

The eastern part of a town contains a shop that sells:
Energy Powder - 500
Heal Powder - 450
Energy Root - 800
Revival Herb - 2800
Poke Ball - 200

Near the Gym is a group of Combee with a Vespiquen. The bottom right one in the group will give you a Honey.

The Gym only has Gardenia -- or so it seems. She wants you to beat her trainers first, so use the teleport, fight the three trainers there, and then fight Gardenia.
MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Yoko
Nuzleaf LV 18

Beauties Angela & Caroline (Double Battle)
Roselia LV 19
Cherubi LV 17
Roselia LV 17

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER GARDENIA (3v3)
Cherubi LV 20
Turtwig LV 20
Roserade LV 22

She will give you the Forest Badge and TM86 (Grass Knot).
The Sinnoh teleport system gets updated. Also, the roadblock on Route 205 gets cleared, so you don’t have to travel through Eterna Forest anymore.

There are two possible ways to continue, east to Route 211 or south to Route 206. Go to Route 206 -- Route 211 will be quite some time later.

----------
ROUTE 206:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Happiny, Furret, Mismagius, *Hippopotas, Onix, Electrike, Crobat, Graveler, Golem. Level 14-19.

This is your first chance to get a Happiny if you haven't bred a Chansey yet.

Route 206 has two parts: the cycling overpass and the road below. You start on the overpass. Go left and grab the PP Up. Fight the six trainers, grab the Sky Plate, and leave at the south end.
Cue Ball Axel
Pikachu LV 21

Cue Ball Morgan
Staravia LV 21

Cue Ball James (can be fought in a double battle with Ryan)
Ponyta LV 20
Shinx LV 21

Cue Ball Ryan
Ponyta LV 21
Shinx LV 20

Cue Ball John 
Starly LV 17
Starly LV 18 x2
Starly LV 19
Staravia LV 20

Cue Ball Kayla
Pikachu LV 21
Plate Collection: 5/18
On the lower level, go back north, as there are a few things you can grab. There's a Full Heal and you can also get 10 Rawst Berries from the Berry Patch. 2/10 patch.

Then continue south to Route 207.

----------
ROUTE 207:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Hippopotas, Golem, Mismagius, Happiny, Onix, Electrike, Crobat, Graveler, Furret. Level 14-19.

Note 1: The Pokemon are the same as on Route 206, but their probabilities differ.
Note 2: This route has a magnetic field -- Magneton and Nosepass will evolve if you level them up here.
Note 3: You need to beat Gardenia before you get here -- otherwise, the path will be blocked by rocks.

From the start, go west around the trees. You'll find a Great Ball hidden in the NW corner of this alcove.
Then, go down the stairs in the SW part and grab a Timer Ball at the NW corner of the area with the grass patch. Then head back.

Now Route 207 splits into a top and a bottom path. Let’s start with the bottom path.
Youngster Austin
Buizel LV 18
Luxio LV 18
Gligar LV 18

After, search a boulder close to him for a Rare Candy.
Go up stairs and then west for another trainer and a Sun Stone.
MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Jaco
Manectric LV 22

Then go east for another trainer.
Crush Girl Helen
Machop LV 21
Meditite LV 21

Go north, down the stairs to your west and jump the ledge down. This area has another three trainers and the Flame Plate.
Hiker Kevin
Geodude LV 17 x3
Onix LV 19 

Picnicker Lauren
Pachirisu LV 22

Camper Anthony
Chimchar LV 22
Plate Collection: 6/18
There are two exits from this route: you can go south to Oreburgh City, or you can talk to the girl with Abra by the cave to be teleported to Hearthome City. If you choose the latter exit, you’ll first have a chat with the regional champion, Cynthia. Then in order for the girl to teleport you, you have to beat her first, though.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Mira
Abra LV 17
Sandshrew LV 17

You'll also get a Power Lens when you beat her. Now, she'll teleport you to Hearthome City.

---------------
HEARTHOME CITY:
---------------
Start by going south and grab the Mind Plate.
Plate Collection: 7/18
The lady in the house next to the PokeCenter will give you a Big Mushroom.

The house right from the Poke Mart is a Pokemon Fan Club and it has a Brilliant Judge. The house left from the Poke Mart has a girl who will give you TM104 (Air Slash).

The Contest Hall has a Move Tutor for Helping Hand.

Since the Gym is inaccessible and all ways out (including the Pokemon Centre teleport) are blocked, let's go to the big building -- the Battle Hall!

------------
BATTLE HALL:
------------
Talk to the girl behind the counter to register. Then talk to Paul (if you forgot how he looks, he's the purple-haired guy on the left side). Talk to the attendant to go to the first match. The battles here are 2v2, and you always have an ally (in Paul) who sends out his own Pokemon.
BATTLE HALL ICONIC
Scientist Victor & Cool Trainer Vinny
Rhydon LV 26
Magmar LV 26

There is a healer and a PC in the Battle Hall, so you don't have to go to the Pokemon Centre after every battle.

Talk to the attendant again for a second battle.
BATTLE HALL ICONIC
Black Belt Cam & Psychic Mitch
Zangoose LV 26
Metagross LV 26

Then leave the Battle Hall to see Paul kicking out his Chimchar. Take the ICONIC LV 25 Chimchar (note that you need to have an empty spot in your active party).

Talk to Paul inside Battle Hall again and go fight the third battle.
BATTLE HALL ICONIC
Breeder Brock and Lady Holly
Croagunk LV 27
Farfetch'd LV 27

And then the fourth.
BATTLE HALL ICONIC
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn & Super Nerd Conway
Buizel LV 28
Heracross LV 28

You will win a Soothe Bell (Paul will give you his, so you'll get 2).

At this point, you can leave the city, although the southwestern exit is still blocked. The western exit will teleport you back to Route 207, so go east to Route 209 instead.

----------
ROUTE 209:
----------
Wild Pokemon: *Zangoose, *Spiritomb, Pidgeot, Raticate, Bagon, Bidoof, Nosepass, Metang, Rhydon, Magmar. Level 19-22.
Fishing (Old Rod): Magikarp and Goldeen.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bibarel and Gyarados.

Start by going north. In this area, fight a trainer and grab the item (some Honey).
Pokemon Breeder Jennifer
Budew LV 23
Eevee LV 23
Bonsly LV 23
Cleffa LV 23

Go over the bridge and fight another trainer.
Camper Richard
Luxio LV 26

Then go north and west for a Berry Patch containing 10 Chesto Berries and 10 Razz Berries. 2/10 patch.

Go back to the second trainer. Right from there is a pair of double trainers and another trainer on the pier.
Twins Emma & Lil (Double Battle)
Bonsly LV 25
Mime Jr. LV 25

MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Stone
Bibarel LV 23
Machamp LV 22 x3
Machoke LV 22 x2

Go south over the bridge and past the trees to get TM75 (Swords Dance). Then go back.

Dawn on the next bridge will offer to trade her ICONIC Buizel for your Aipom. Note that this trade is not always available. If you choose to continue on without trading, Dawn will no longer appear to trade with you on this route.

After Dawn's bridge, go to the NW corner of the next area. It hides a Super Potion.

Go past another trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Victoria
Budew LV 23
Eevee LV 23
Bonsly LV 23
Pichu LV 23

Then turn west before going down the stairs into a depression. Go north in this area to grab a Calcium. Go back to the stairs.

In the tile directly left of the stairs leading into the depression, there is a hidden X Accuracy.
North of the depression is a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Marble
Luxray LV 26

Go east to another trainer and a Tiny Mushroom hidden in the SE corner of this area.
MINOR ICONIC
Camper Alan
Probopass LV 26

Then there is one last double trainer on the main path.
Cool Couple Ty & Sue (Double Battle)
Buneary LV 26
Buizel LV 26

And that's all for Route 209! Continue north to Solaceon Town.

--------------
SOLACEON TOWN:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Foggy
Right at the start go east to a dirt patch with three sets of 10 berries: Persim, Nanab and Figy. Further east is a trader who will trade your Raichu for his Porygon-Z.

The Contest Hall has a Move Tutor for Heal Bell.

West of the Contest Hall is the Sinnoh Day Care.

North east of the Contest Hall is a scientist who gives you the Oval Charm - This increases your chances of finding an egg at the Day Care.
There's a Big Mushroom hidden in the lone patch of flowers in the northern part of the city.

Eastern side of the town is a series of ledges. Go down the second ledge from the right to reach a PP Up. Then you'll reach a house with two traders -- one will trade your Electabuzz for his Magmortar, and the other will trade your Magmar for his Electivire.

Then go down the ledge at the eastern edge of the town to reach the Solaceon Ruins.

---------------
SOLACEON RUINS:
---------------
Wild Pokemon: Unown. Level 20.

You'll get into another TR battle once you enter the cave.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Seviper LV 43
Dustox LV 43
Carnivine LV 24
Wobbuffet LV 39
Mime Jr. LV 22

Then grab the Dread Plate in the back of the cave.
Plate Collection: 8/18
Go back to the town and continue north to Route 210.

-----------------------
ROUTE 210 (South Side):
-----------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Drifloon, Luxray, Swinub, Ponyta, Abra, Miltank, Glaceon, Machoke, Psyduck, Muk, Beedrill. Level 19-25.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wooper and Psyduck.
Fishing (Good Rod): Psyduck, Wooper, and Muk.

Right now, not all of Route 210 is accessible. The accessible part has 4 normal trainers and 2 pairs of double trainers.
Crush Girl Liza
Ponyta LV 24

MINOR ICONIC
Pickincker Leona
Swinub LV 24 x3

Pokemon Breeder Kahlil
Elekid LV 23
Happiny LV 23 (Shiny)

Cool Couple Ava & Matt (Double Battle)
Ponyta LV 24
Rapidash LV 24

Twins Teri & Tia (Double Battle)
Pikachu LV 23
Clefairy LV 23

Pokemon Breeder Amber
Magby LV 23
Togepi LV 23

There are also a few items:
Rare Candy: Hidden on the big plateau, one tile south from the NW corner.
Super Repel and Great Ball: Visible in the western part of the Route.
Heat Rock: The lady south of the house will give it to you.

The house has a vendor selling Moomoo Milk for 600 pokedollars.

Continue east to Route 215.

----------
ROUTE 215:
----------
Weather forecast: High probability of rain
Wild Pokemon: Gligar, Beautifly, Gliscor, Hippopotas, Butterfree, *Glameow, Hippowdon, Spearow, Pidgeot, *Cherubi (rare)

There will be better places to catch Cherubi soon, no need to do it here.

Despite the twists and turns, the path is fairly linear, at least at the beginning. Cross the first bridge, then go north for a Splash Plate.
Plate Collection: 9/18
Then go down and you’ll find an ICONIC LV 19 Gligar. Add it to your team.

After that fight two trainers.
Ruin Maniac Calvin
Bronzor LV 21
Shieldon LV 23

Camper Craig
Luxio LV 19
Ponyta LV 20 
Staravia LV 21

Grab an Ether, go up to the plateau and fight a trainer.
Black Belt Derek
Croagunk LV 25

Cross a second bridge and then a third. Go down, fight a trainer and grab a Zinc in the dead end to the east.
Black Belt Nathaniel
Croagunk LV 25
Machop LV 25
Meditite LV 25

After that, go south underneath the bridge for another trainer.
Black Belt Gregory
Meditite LV 23
Machop LV 22
Meditite LV 21

Go east, go up the plateau, cross a bridge for a Max Revive. Go back and walk underneath that bridge.

Continue north, getting TM135 (Rock Climb) in the empty patch of grass in the bottom right corner of the flowers. Then, jump off the ledge and go east, and talk to the guy there for a Macho Brace.

Go east into grass to find a HP Up. South from that grass patch are stairs down that lead to a Protein.
Go west for another trainer.
Camper Scott
Staravia LV 23

The western dead end has a Carbos. 

Go east, fight the last two trainers, and exit the route to the east.
Cool Trainer Maya
Roselia LV 24
Lickitung LV 25
Ralts LV 24

Cool Trainer Dennis
Gligar LV 24
Buizel LV 25
Drifblim LV 25

As you descend the last stairs, you will run into Butch and Cassidy again. Note that because they are two separate trainers, you will be facing a total of 10 pokemon in the same double battle, so be ready!
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Butch & Cassidy
Primeape LV 35 -- Mightyena LV 23 -- Hitmontop LV 35 -- Cloyster LV 23 -- Shuckle LV 23
Raticate LV 35 -- Sableye LV 23 -- Houndour LV 35 -- Tentacruel LV 23 -- Granbull LV 23

After you beat them, continue on to Veilstone City.

---------------
VEILSTONE CITY:
---------------
Start by going north. Grab TM122 (Dark Pulse) in this area.

The NE corner of the "lower level" of this city has a Full Incense.

The house north from Pokemon Centre has a Groomer.

This town has the Sinnoh version of the Department Store. The highlights:

2F, Top cashier:
Potion - 200
Super Potion - 700
Hyper Potion - 1200
Max Potion - 2500
Full Restore - 3000
Revive - 2000
Antidote - 100
Paralyze Heal - 200
Burn Heal - 250
Ice Heal - 250
Awakening - 250
Full Heal - 600

2F, Bottom cashier:
Poke Ball - 200
Great Ball - 600
Ultra Ball - 1200
Escape Rope - 550
Repel - 350
Super Repel - 500
Max Repel - 700

3F: The girl behind the counter is a Move Tutor for Signal Beam. Also, the girl in the bottom part of this floor will give you an Electirizer and a Magmarizer.

4F, Cashier:
Poke Doll - 1000
Fire Stone - 2100
Thunder Stone - 2100
Water Stone - 2100
Leaf Stone - 2100

5F, Top cashier:
HP Up - 9800
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Calcium - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Carbos - 9800

Bottom one sells:
X Attack - 500
X Defense - 550
X Speed - 350
X Sp.Atk - 350
X Sp.Def - 350
X Accuracy - 950
Guard Spec - 700
Dire Hit - 650

Rooftop has vending machines, selling:
Fresh Water - 200
Soda Pop - 300
Lemonade - 350

Veilstone City also has a Game Corner. Its Pokemon are:
Chingling - 180 coins
*Snover - 500 coins
*Gible - 2800 coins
*Carnivine - 5500 coins
*Rotom - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Cell Battery - 800 coins
Air Balloon - 1000 coins
Ability Capsule - 1000 coins
Bottle Cap - 2000 coins
Gold Bottle Cap - 9000 coins

Rotom is only available later as a one-off Pokemon.

Search the tile south of the Game Corner sign for a Star Piece.

On the plateau with the Gym, enter the one house you can. Talk to the guy inside (Paul's brother, Reggie). After the first talk, he becomes a move tutor for Brave Bird.

Once you talk to him, the guy blocking the Gym entrance disappears and Dawn appears in his place. Talk to her to get her to leave. you can now go inside.

The Gym has four trainers and Maylene.
Black Belt Rafael
Croagunk LV 26
Machoke LV 26

Black Belt Jeffery
Heracross LV 28

Black Belt Darren
Machop LV 25
Machoke LV 25
Meditite LV 25

Crush Girl Colby
Machoke LV 23
Machoke LV 25
Machoke LV 27

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER MAYLENE (3v3)
Meditite LV 28
Machoke LV 29
Lucario LV 32

Beat her for the Cobble Badge and TM47 (Body Press). The Sinnoh teleport system gets upgraded again.

After you leave Veilstone Gym, there are some Team Galactic Grunts (will be abbreviated TG from now on) around the city that will attack you. You can't leave through the south exit until you deal with all of them, and their squad leader, Saturn, who is located in the northern shipping area.
TG Grunt Josh
Golbat LV 27 x2

TG Grunt Chase
Golbat LV 27 x2

TG Spenser
Golbat LV 28

TG Andre
Golbat LV 28

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Saturn
Bronzor LV 29
Toxicroak LV 31

After you beat Saturn, he tells you that TG already has the Spear Key. So you'll likely run into them again...

Now leave Veilstone City through the southern gate and go to Route 214.

----------
ROUTE 214:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Chansey, Unown, *Stunky, Munchlax, Dustox, Cherubi, Budew, Shinx. Level 19-25.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Nincada.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Buizel and Floatzel.

Go south and fight the first trainers, including Pokemon Hunter J, who will be guarding the path south. This time, she’s trying to capture a Riolu.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer J
Salamence LV 31
Drapion LV 30
Ariados LV 30

Poke Maniac Douglas
Jolteon LV 24
Vaporeon LV 24
Flareon LV 24

Go east to find a Berry Patch containing 3 Pomeg and Chesto Berries and 80 Nomel Berries. I had my hopes up when I saw that it was 80 Berries, but these Sinnoh patches continue to be mediocre... 1/10 patch.

Go south from the berries and keep to the eastern side of the fence to find a Rare Candy.

Continue south, fighting another 4 trainers.
Poke Maniac Jamal
Porygon LV 27

Poke Maniac Brady
Skorupi LV 21
Croagunk LV 21
Carnivine LV 21
Tangela LV 21
Yanma LV 21

MINOR ICONIC
Painter Francesca
Chingling LV 24 x3
Pidgey LV 23
 
Psychic Mitchell
Duskull LV 26
Kadabra LV 26

Then go to the grass on the west and go around the fence to find a Big Root.

Continue south to another trainer.
Gambler Carlos
Goldeen LV 30

Go west and north. In the NW corner of this area (empty tile in a grass patch) hides a Heart Scale.

Go back south, then to the west, past another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Austin
Dustox LV 28 (Shiny)

South of you, in the big grass patch, is a Magmarizer.

Go up on the plateau. This area of Route 214 has three more trainers and two visible items: a Razor Fang and a Red Shard.

Ruin Maniac Bryan
Bronzor LV 24
Cranidos LV 26

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Sho
Raichu LV 25
Magnemite LV 23
Magneton LV 23
Mareep LV 23
Pichu LV 24

Ruin Maniac Hunter
Shieldon LV 27
 
Return all the way to the old man trainer and continue south to Valor Lakefront.

----------------
VALOR LAKEFRONT:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Chansey, Unown, Stunky, Munchlax, Dustox, Cherubi, Budew, Shinx. Level 19-25.

Continue south through a few more grass patches to reach the path leading into the woods. Go there and talk to Wallace (otherwise the people in the town will send you to find him anyway).

Fishing at Lake Valor:
Old Rod: Feebas and Nincada.
Good Rod: Buizel, Floatzel, and Milotic.

Go out and continue south into the town.

The first building you see is the Seven Stars Restaurant which has now been reopened from previous versions. The owners, Roman and Kylie, are outside and ready for a battle. 
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Couple Roman & Kylie
Snorlax LV 26
Munchlax LV 26
Girafarig LV 24
Drifloon LV 24

Cool Couple Emanuel & Blythe
Machoke LV 28
Bronzor LV 28
Chingling LV 25
Buneary LV 25

Cool Couple Leonardo & Rebecca
Chatot LV 27
Purugly LV 27

Cool Couple Ismael & Harley
Kricketune LV 28
Psyduck LV 26

Cool Couple Kendrick & Gabriella
Rhyhorn 31
Finneon LV 26

South of the restaurant is a guy who will give you a Sun Stone.

The house west from the restaurant has a healer.

In the corner south from the Contest Hall is a Big Mushroom.

Go to the Contest Hall and grab the Pixie Plate in the SE corner. Wallace is there and he now serves as a Move Tutor for Aqua Tail. There's a PC (important since there's no formal Pokemon Centre here). There's also May -- fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator May
Blaziken LV 52
Wartortle LV 47
Venusaur LV 47
Glaceon LV 47
Beautifly LV 48
Munchlax LV 47
Plate Collection: 10/18
After you beat her, talk to the attendant to partake in the Wallace Cup Contest. After the performance round, you'll need to partake in two battles.
Camper Matt
Kecleon LV 27

MINOR ICONIC 
Fisherman Kyle
Lanturn LV 26

Following the anime, you leave the contest after facing Kyle. Unlike the anime however, you will receive a Hondew Berry for your efforts.
This will open the southern exit from the town. There is a hidden Ultra Ball in the top crate to the right before the house in the middle of the road. Exit the town to Route 213, through the house.

----------
ROUTE 213:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Yanma, *Croagunk, Wingull, *Shellos, Chatot, Drapion. Level 20-26.
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Magikarp.
Fishing (Good Rod): Remoraid, Gyarados, and Octillery.

Drapion is an evolved form of Skorupi -- you will be able to catch it later.

The first part of the Route has two trainers and a Pearl hidden in the SE corner of the beach.
Tuber Jared
Shellos LV 25 x2
Shellos LV 26

Tuber Chelsea
Marill LV 28

Talk to Paul who blocks your way and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Gliscor LV 33
Ursaring LV 35

Continue west. There's another Pearl hidden in the first boulder you come to.

Continue west along the beach. Fight a trainer.
Fisherman Kenneth
Remoraid LV 25 x2
Gyarados LV 28

After the trainer, there will be another guy at the beach (just a normal fishing guy), then there will be a group of 3 boulders -- the SE one contains yet another Pearl.

Go even further west and grab a Heart Scale hidden in the lone boulder by the rock face.

Go to the house and fight the trainer next to it.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Tyler
Piplup (Pippy) LV 28
Yanma LV 28

The tile in front of the door hides a Max Revive. Inside is Dr. Footstep who will tell you about the happiness of your Pokemon.

Note that if he judges a Pokemon as "super friendly", it means that happiness is at max. Such Pokemon are eligible to get a Footprint Ribbon from him, and if it evolves by happiness, it will definitely evolve upon levelling up.

If he says that a Pokemon is "quite friendly", it MIGHT be able to evolve (if it evolves by happiness). It's not guaranteed, but even if it can't evolve yet, it only has a short way to go.

From the house, continue east. Turn north at the first boulder and search the next boulder you come to for another Heart Scale. Fight the trainer in the area.
Beauty Cyndy
Glameow LV 29

Then talk to the second guy for a Water Stone, then go east towards Valor Lakefront and north along the rock face to a HP Up in the NE corner.

Go west from there. First and third boulder you come to hide more Pearls. Exit the beach to the west. There's a Yellow Shard in this area and 2 Berry Patches: the western one has 3 Iapapa Berries and 3 Rawst Berries, and the eastern one has 3 Aguav Berries and 3 Rawst Berries (Is it just me, or does this feel a bit stingy after the all the previous patches?). Anyway, 4/10 patch.

Continue west through a gate into Pastoria City.

--------------
PASTORIA CITY:
--------------
Weather forecast: Slight chance of rain

There is a trainer near the city entrance. Fight him.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Hamilton
Croagunk (Craig) LV 29

Next to him, is a move tutor who will teach you Vacuum Wave.
 
Brock is next to the Pokemon Centre. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Sudowoodo LV 35
Croagunk LV 33
Happiny LV 27

The guy in the house south from the Pokemon Centre will give you TM48 (Waterfall).

The house south of that has a Move Maniac.

A guy in the SW corner of the city will give you a Mystic Water. The house north of him has a girl who will give you a Yellow Scarf if you talk to her with a Pikachu in your leading slot.

The Gym starts off blocked, but it will be unblocked after you beat Brock. It has 6 trainers plus Crasher Wake.
Swimmer Damian
Wingull LV 31
Pelipper LV 31

Fisherman Erick
Goldeen LV 28
Gyarados LV 31
Seaking LV 31

Tuber Jacky
Bibarel LV 32

Tuber Caitlyn
Azurill LV 27
Marill LV 29
Azumarill LV 31

Fisherman Walter
Whiscash LV 33

Sailor Samson
Wingull LV 29
Golduck LV 31
Shellos LV 30

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CRASHER WAKE (3v3)
Gyarados LV 33
Floatzel LV 37
Quagsire LV 34

Beat him for the Fen Badge and TM97 (Aqua Jet).

The Sinnoh teleport system gets upgraded now and we can explore some more places, but first of all, go to Fuchsia City -- it's time to go to a new part of the Safari Zone! Leave Safari Zone Kanto through the newly opened eastern exit.

-------------------
SAFARI ZONE SINNOH:
-------------------
Wild Pokemon: Carnivine, *Skorupi, Croagunk, Luxio, Starly, Budew, Bidoof, Staravia, Toxicroak, Gible, Drapion. Level 30-38.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Finneon and Mantyke.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bibarel, Gastrodon, and Lumineon.

From start, go right until you get past the 2x4 rectangle of small trees, then north. The tile before the next small tree you run into contains a Nugget. There are also two visible items. From north to south, they are: a Fire Stone, and an Iron.

Return to Pastoria City and leave to the southwest. Welcome to Route 212.

----------
ROUTE 212:
----------
Weather forecast: Slight chance of rain
Wild Pokemon: Ralts, Roselia, Buizel, Kricketune, Shellos, Croagunk, Staravia, Smeargle. Level 21-26.
Old Rod: (Marill 70%, Psyduck 30%) L21-23
Good Rod: (Octillery 60%, Gyarados 20%, Gastrodon 20%) L21-24
Super Rod: (Marill 40%, Psyduck 40%, Octillery 15%, Gyarados 4%, Gastrodon 14%) L31-34

This is a pretty big Route. It connects Pastoria City and Hearthome City -- the entrance from Hearthome City is now open as well.

Fight the first trainer.
Poke Maniac Dean
Umbreon LV 27
Espeon LV 27

After you beat him, he will trade your Jolteon for his Leafeon.

This area has four small pools. The centre of the NE pool contains a hidden Dawn Stone.

Next part is a complicated pier maze with four trainers.
Fisherman Juan
Gyarados LV 29

Lass Alexa
Goldeen LV 27
Bibarel LV 27

Fisherman Travis
Barboach LV 24
Gyarados LV 26
Barboach LV 25 x2

Fisherman Josh
Goldeen LV 27 x2

The western end of this maze has three exits. Go through the top exit to reach a Rare Candy. The other two exits lead to an area with three trainers and a Max Ether.
Pokemon Ranger Jeffery
Monferno LV 31

Lass Sabrina
Wooper LV 26
Quagsire LV 28

Pokemon Ranger Allison
Marill LV 29
Leafeon LV 29

To the west is another trainer and a Protein.
Scientist Stefano
Kadabra LV 30

An old man in the house there will give you 10 Max Repels.

From the ledge below where the Rare Candy was, continue west, and you'll reach a trainer.
Gentleman Danny
Hoothoot LV 26
Machop LV 26

Then a grass patch with a hidden Heart Scale (2nd grass tile from top, 2nd from west). After a few more turns, you'll get to another trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Taylor
Carnivine LV 28
Luxio LV 30

Next, you'll encounter Gary.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Gary
Umbreon LV 40

After you fight him, he'll give you a Razor Fang (used to evolve Ash’s Gligar in the anime). Continue north, around a lake.

Next part is a garden full of bushes. Start by going to the west and search a tile in a corner formed by bushes outside of the garden. There's a Super Potion there. Then continue north and grab a Rose Incense.

Now let's have a look at the Pokemon Mansion. Before entering the courtyard, check the rightmost bush in order to find a Green Shard. Now enter the courtyard -- there's one normal trainer and a pair of double trainers.
Gentleman Dylan
Hoothoot LV 26
Machop LV 24

Cool Couple Jason & Melissa
Prinplup LV 27
Cherubi LV 27

Just east of the mansion is an Iron. Enter the mansion.

----------------
POKEMON MANSION:
----------------
Go west. There are three rooms here: The room on the left has a healer while the one on the right has a woman who will give you an Oval Stone. The door in the middle of the mansion leads to Trophy Garden.

Wild Pokemon in the Trophy Garden: Pichu, Igglybuff, Cleffa, Azurill, Swinub, Bonsly, Porygon, *Mime Jr., Eevee. Level 15-18.

Now go out and leave the courtyard. In the garden, there's a Berry Patch with 3 Lum Berries and 80 Custap Berries. 5/10 patch.

Fight four trainers there.
Cool Trainer Reina
Roselia LV 27

Cool Trainer Jeremy
Chatot LV 27

Gentleman Alex
Hoothoot LV 25
Machop LV 25

Gentleman Caleb
Hoothoot LV 23
Machop LV 27

There's another Berry Patch west of Jeremy. This one contains 3 Sitrus Berries, 80 Maranga Berries and... 1 Aspear Berry...? Those are some strange quantities... 4/10 patch.

Next to the second old man trainer, there's a lone bush with a hidden Pearl. Go north and fight one last trainer here.
Gentleman Bobby
Hoothoot LV 24
Machop LV 26

Continue north and enter Hearthome City. You can now fight the coordinators in the contest hall. There are several coordinators in there to fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Cocoa
Mismagius LV 30

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Paris
Lopunny LV 30

Go to the Gym -- it's now blocked by Dawn who will fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 35
Buneary LV 35
Swinub LV 32
Ambipom LV 37
Pachirisu LV 35 

Once you beat her, she gives you the Secret Potion. With this item, go to Route 210 (north of Solaceon Town). With the Secret Potion, the Psyducks who block the way north let you pass when you use the Potion on them.

-----------------------
ROUTE 210 (North Side):
-----------------------
Wild Pokemon: Ursaring, Luxray, Machoke, Muk, Glaceon, Drapion, Tauros, Shellos, Gengar, Shiftry. Level 26-30.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wooper and Surskit.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wailmer, Staryu, and Poliwrath.

Shellos here appears in its "West Seas" form, unlike Shellos in previous locations.

This part of Route 210 is once again massive. In the initial grass patch, there are three trainers.
Youngster Bruce
Stunky LV 33

Youngster Fabian
Croagunk LV 31 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Mitchell
Elekid LV 32

There are three hidden items in the first part:

Full Heal: In the NW part of this area is a big block of trees. At the western edge of this block, there's a one-tile gap between a tree and the rock face. That's where the Full Heal is hidden.

Ultra Ball: In the SE part of the grass patch is a single lone tile of normal ground. The Ultra Ball is hidden there.

Hyper Potion: East and north from this tile is a 2x2 square of empty tiles. The Hyper Potion is hidden in the NW corner of this square.

Go north from the first grass patch, collecting a Nest Ball and a Smoke Ball along the way, along with another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Picnicker Angie
Shinx LV 31

You'll reach the second grass patch. This area has three trainers and a Red Shard in the grass.
Black Belt Adam
Machoke LV 34

Youngster Jeol
Zubat LV 29
Golbat LV 29
Skorupi LV 29
Stunky LV 29

Cool Trainer Alyssa
Aipom LV 32
Girafarig LV 32
Grotle LV 32

Continue west and fight a pair of double trainers.
Cool Couple Zac & Jen
Gyarados LV 36
Alolan Raichu LV 36

The path east leads to a house you can't enter yet, so go north and west instead. There is a linear path past three more trainers.
Ruin Maniac Brian
Tangela LV 32
Ponyta LV 32
Buizel LV 32

Bird Keeper Brianna
Hoothoot LV 31
Noctowl LV 33

Cool Trainer Ernest
Scyther LV 32
Probopass LV 31
Luxio LV 34

When you go across the bridge to the west, you will meet Fantina and automatically fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Fantina
Drifloon LV 34

Afterwards, go north, up the stairs, and grab the Meadow Plate.
Plate Collection: 11/18
Continue west to Celestic Town.

--------------
CELESTIC TOWN:
--------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Magikarp and Goldeen.
Fishing (Good Rod): Seaking, Staryu, and Poliwrath.

After such a huge route, we get a tiny town.

First, grab a hidden King's Rock behind the Contest Hall through the middle of the stairs. It's directly opposite of where the item on the opposite side is.
Then, grab Draco Plate in the middle of the town, Choice Specs SW from there, and Eviolite at the west edge of the town.
Plate Collection: 12/18
The SW house has a healer.

The Contest Hall has a Move Tutor for String Shot and a PC.

Enter the cave (Celestic Ruins) for another battle against TR.
ICONIC BATTLE:
TR's Jessie & James
Seviper LV 45
Yanmega LV 36
Wobbuffet LV 40
Carnivine LV 38
Mime Jr. LV 35

After beating them, you meet and speak briefly with Cynthia, who will then team up with you to help you deal with... the TG grunts who have taken over the town! Beat them in a series of multi battles.
TGs Reggie and Mart
Golbat LV 33 x4

TGs Scott and Jimmy
Golbat LV 33 x4

TGs Tyrone and Harold
Golbat LV 33 x4

The last battle is against Saturn and Mars in the research lab in the northern part of town.
ICONIC BATTLE
TG Saturn & TG Mars
Bronzor LV 35
Toxicroak LV 36
Purugly LV 36
Bronzor LV 35

After you beat them, TG flees the town. Cynthia thanks you and leaves your party and tells you of a woman on Route 210 who'll teach you a 'special' dragon move.

Go back to Route 210. You'll have to fight Paul.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Honchkrow LV 38

Then go east until you get to the pair of double trainers. Continue east to the house. You'll face Conway along the way as well.
ICONIC BATTLE
Super Nerd Conway
Slowking LV 31
Aggron LV 30
Heracross LV 31

Defeat the guy in front of the house.
Cool Trainer Patrick
Gible LV 34

This lets you enter and meet the Move Tutor for Draco Meteor.

Go to Hearthome City. There's yet ANOTHER person blocking the Gym -- Barry. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Barry
Staraptor LV 36
Empoleon LV 38
Roserade LV 36

Finally, you can enter the Gym! The Gym has five teleporters inside; the one leading to Fantina is the second from the left. Other four have regular trainers.
Camper Drew
Gastly LV 29 x3

Picnicker Cheyenne
Drifloon LV 30
Misdreavus LV 32

Lass Molly
Misdreavus LV 32

Cool Trainer Allen
Gastly LV 28
Haunter LV 30
Gengar LV 32

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER FANTINA (3v3)
Gengar LV 37
Mismagius LV 37
Drifblim LV 40

Defeat Fantina for the Relic Badge and TM101 (Confuse Ray).

Now go to Jubilife City. The west exit will be open. Go to Route 218.

----------
ROUTE 218:
----------
Fishing (Old Rod): Finneon and Spheal.
Fishing (Good Rod): Gyarados, Staryu, and Poliwrath.

Talk to the sailor to go to Canalave City.

--------------
CANALAVE CITY:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Stormy
Fishing (Old Rod): Marill and Psyduck.
Fishing (Good Rod): Seaking, Staryu, and Poliwrath.

This is a port city built around a bay -- there's a western part and eastern part connected by a bridge.

Go around the town first. The second house you come to has a Move Deleter. The library (north of western part) contains an old guy who will give you a Pearl. The Old Chateau (north of eastern part) has a book. Read it to be thrown into a battle with Rotom. Catch it. (If you don't, you can always buy it for 9999 coins in Veilstone City Game Corner).

There's also a Spooky Plate in the room.
Plate Collection: 13/18
South of the Pokemon Centre is a Move Tutor for Stealth Rock.

Go south from that to reach a clearing with Cresselia (LV 40) and Darkrai (LV 40). Catch them. Darkrai is fast, so Fast Balls are preferred, but Cresselia is not, so use Timer Balls on it. Neither of them benefits from Heavy Ball.

The Gym has 6 trainers plus Byron.
Black Belt Ricky
Steelix LV 38

Engineer Gary
Magnemite LV 37

Engineer Jackson
Magnemite LV 35 x2

Black Belt David
Steelix LV 35
Steelix LV 37

Cool Trainer Breanna
Bronzor LV 35
Bronzor LV 36
Bronzor LV 38

Cool Trainer Cesar
Scizor LV 40

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BYRON (3v3)
Bronzor LV 37
Steelix LV 38
Bastiodon LV 41

Beat him to get the Mine Badge and TM74 (Gyro Ball). You'll also get the Armor Fossil. It can be revived into Shieldon, though note that you might already have caught one.

The Sinnoh teleport system gets upgraded and you can now take the ship from Canalave City or Route 218 to a new location: Iron Island.

------------
IRON ISLAND:
------------
Grab the Iron Plate on the right and a Master Ball on the left and fight the guy who blocks the entrance to the cave.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Riley (Aura User in the anime)
Lucario LV 40
Plate Collection: 14/18
After you beat him, he'll give you a Power Bracer and let you into the cave, which is filled with TG members.
TG Ross
Golbat LV 38 x2

TG Craig
Golbat LV 38 x2

TG Iggy
Golbat LV 38 x2

TG Nelson
Golbat LV 38 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Mars
Purugly LV 40
Bronzor LV 38

Once you beat Mars, the grunts will retreat. Head back outside to talk to Riley for him to give you a Riolu egg.

Now go to Eterna City and exit east to Route 211.
ROUTE 211:
Wild Pokemon: Combee, Shinx, Nosepass, Magnemite, Budew, Swinub, Bellossom, Skiploom, Skarmory, Growlithe, Bidoof. Level 8-13.

Grab the Earth Plate to the north.
Plate Collection: 15/18
We could technically go here sooner, but there was a rock slide that would prevent us from continuing. Now though, it's gone, so we can go north to Route 216.

----------
ROUTE 216:
----------
Weather forecast: Snowy
Wild Pokemon: Snover, Snorunt, Froslass, Mantyke, *Bronzor, Stunky, Skorupi, Shuckle, Zubat, Cloyster. Level 32-37.

After lasting through long, complicated Routes, it's nice to see one that is short and simple.

Go west past four trainers.
Hiker Edward
Glalie LV 40

Bug Catcher Doug
Beedrill LV 41
Armaldo LV 39
Yanmega LV 39
Kricketune LV 39
Paras LV 39

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer O
Shiftry LV 40

Cool Trainer Laura
Tropius LV 42

After the 4th tree you see on the route (going north), there will be a lone tile of snow in between the grass. There is a hidden Mental Herb in that tile.
You'll reach a house with a healer. Continue west and north for another two trainers and a Full Restore.
MINOR ICONIC
Biker Provo
Dragonite LV 41

Cool Trainer Blake
Ambipom LV 39
Porygon2 LV 40

In the patch of grass directly south of Blake, there is a hidden PP Up.

Then continue north and you're done with this Route! Continue to Route 217.

----------
ROUTE 217:
----------
Weather forecast: Blizzard
Wild Pokemon: Snover, Snorunt, Froslass, Mantyke, Bronzor, Stunky, Skorupi, Cloyster, Bronzor, Shuckle, Zubat. Level 32-37.

Same Pokemon like on Route 216, with just minor variations in rarity.

This is an especially cold area with an Ice Rock -- Eevee can evolve into Glaceon when levelled up here.

Route 217 is fairly open -- there's 9 trainers here.
Cool Trainer Dalton
Electabuzz LV 40
Magmar LV 40

Cool Trainer Olivia
Kirlia LV 38
Buneary LV 38
Seaking LV 38

Youngster Ethan
Skorupi LV 37
Golbat LV 37

On the eastern side, near two trees, there's a free gift Phione. Be sure to grab it.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Marilyn
Cherubi LV 37
Shellder LV 37
Chingling LV 37

Hiker Shawn
Snover LV 35
Snover LV 36
Snover LV 37

Black Belt Luke
Croagunk LV 37
Machoke LV 37
Riolu LV 37

Crush Girl Lexie
Piloswine LV 37
Glaceon LV 37

North of her, there are 2 trees and a house. Go from the bottom left corner of the top tree and take 4 steps to the left. There will be a hidden Revival Herb in the tile in front of you.
Crush Girl Madison
Snorunt LV 39

Youngster Matthew
Golbat LV 39

There are three items: an Ultra Ball, a Max Revive, and an Iron. There's a house here with Icicle Plate inside.
Plate Collection: 16/18
Continue north to Lake Acuity. There's nothing to do there now, so continue east to Snowpoint City.

---------------
SNOWPOINT CITY:
---------------
This is a fairly small city with its Gym in the middle.

The guy close to the Pokemon Centre will give you a Fire Stone.

The girls in the NW house are traders: one will trade her Electivire for your Magmar, and the other will trade her Magmortar for your Electabuzz. The NE house has a Move Maniac.

On the south side by the moored ship, you have a chance to fight Ursula, one of Dawn’s rivals.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Ursula
Gabite LV 40
Wormadam (Sand) LV 39

Nearby is also a Charmeleon that’ll give you a Fire Gem.

Go north and fight a trainer northwest of the gym, near the trader's house.
MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Jeremiah
Skuntank LV 41

Continue north and talk to Paul and Brandon in front of the temple.

The Gym has ice, four normal trainers and Candice.
Cool Trainer Savannah
Snorunt LV 39
Snorunt LV 40
Snover LV 41
Glalie LV 42

Cool Trainer Anton
Glalie LV 44
Snover LV 41
Sneasel LV 42

Cool Trainer Alicia
Sneasel LV 40 x2
Snorunt LV 40
Sneasel LV 43

Cool Trainer Isaiah
Piloswine LV 44

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CANDICE (4v4)
Sneasel LV 40
Abomasnow LV 44
Snover LV 40
Medicham LV 42

Beat her for the Icicle Badge and TM14 (Blizzard). This will also activate the guy east from the Gym who will now become a Move Tutor for Block.

Once you've beat Candice and talked to Paul, go back to Lake Acuity. You'll be stopped by Detective Looker along the way, but after a bit of conversation, he lets you continue on.

Paul is waiting for you at Lake Acuity for your first full 6v6 match with him. Defeat him once again.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Torterra LV 47
Honchkrow LV 42
Magmortar LV 42
Weavile LV 40
Ursaring LV 43
Electabuzz LV 44

At this point, go to Twinleaf Town (Paul actually sends you to Valor Lakefront, but if you try to go east from there, you'll be told to go to Twinleaf Town). 
On your way there between Sandgem and Twinleaf are a couple of trainers who have appeared, including a possible double battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Azure
Drowzee LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Crimson
Zangoose LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Lulu
Marill LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Noelle
Bellossom LV 43

Once you reach Twinleaf Town, you will find Barry and Palmer there. Defeat them.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Barry
Heracross LV 45
Empoleon LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
Tower Tycoon Palmer
Rhyperior LV 52

Once you defeat Palmer, he will give you TM23 (Smack Down). Now you can go to Valor Lakefront and head east to Route 222.

----------
ROUTE 222:
----------
Wild Pokemon: Gible, Zubat, Onix, Diglett, Trapinch, Teddiursa, Raichu, Murkrow, Magnezone, Metagross. Level 39-42.
Fishing (Old Rod): Krabby and Corphish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Sharpedo, Octillery, and Poliwhirl.

Right at the beginning, go north into the grass and then the second path west. You'll end up back in Valor Lakefront and you can grab a Shiny Stone there. There'll be a trainer nearby to fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Narissa
Ditto LV 43 (Ditto 1)
Ditto LV 43 (shiny) (Ditto 2)

Fight the trainer next to the grass patch.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Benjamin
Magnemite LV 43 x4 

Now you have two possible paths: the upper path, or the lower path across the beach. Let's start with the upper path.

First of all, there's a Berry Patch with 3 Wiki, Mago, Aguav and Qualot Berries. 5/10 patch, these are some nice berries. This will be the last Berry Patch we'll be seeing in a while...

In front of it is an ICONIC LV 45 Gible. Then don't take the stairs but walk south of them. There's a Carbos in the dead end.

Return to the stairs and fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Mamie
Purugly LV 46

Before continuing on east, head north, fighting a trainer guarding the entrance to that area.
MINOR ICONIC
Super Nerd Daniel
Snorlax LV 44
Hitmonlee LV 44

Continue north towards a mansion. Inside, take the right passage and talk to the butler who reveals that the mansion belongs to a guy with blue hair... sounds familiar. Regardless, head up into a room with a Max Revive, then retrace your steps back to the main hall.

Heading down the left passage you'll fight Jessebelle who's waiting for her 'mystery' Fiance.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Jessebelle
Vileplume LV 45

After you beat her, continue down the passage to meet her fiance and his girlfriend... yep, you guessed it, Jessie & James are here!
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Seviper LV 46
Carnivine LV 42
Yanmega LV 43
Wobbuffet LV 41
Growlithe LV 40 (Growlie)
Mime Jr. LV 37

You've done all you can here. Time to head back outside.

Continue east. Enter the grass and walk east and south to the end of the path for a Big Mushroom. You will also find a LV 45 Rayquaza here. Be sure to catch it. Fast Balls are best.

Return to the stairs and take them, preparing for another normal day... until you black out. You come too, along with Dawn and Brock, in the middle of a cave. The Lake Guardians need you!

Brock and Dawn deal with the grunts, leaving you to proceed on ahead, facing down TG.
TG Richard
Golbat LV 43 x2

TG Sammy
Golbat LV 43 x2

TG Solson and Grey
Golbat LV 43 x5

After tossing these annoyingly repetitive grunts aside, you'll need to fight the TG Lieutenants.
ICONIC BATTLE
TG Jupiter
Skuntank LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Mars
Purugly LV 46
Bronzor LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Saturn
Bronzor LV 44
Toxicroak LV 46

You now come face to face with the Guardians of Time and Space - Dialga (LV 50) and Palkia (LV 50). Catch them before dealing with Cyrus. They’re both heavy enough for Heavy Balls to be super effective.

Once you catch them, Cynthia and Looker congratulate you, and mention that Cyrus disappeared into the portal that they created as well. Cynthia then guides you back outside.

You reappear on Route 222 down in the beach area, in front of the Air Battle Master's house, which also functions as a Pokemon Day Care. The house next to him has a Move Tutor for Tailwind and a guy who will give you three Nest Balls.

With Dialga and Palkia caught, we can go to Celestic Town with them. When you talk to the people in the Historic Center, one will give you the Lustrous Orb for Palkia, and one will give you the Adamant Orb for Dialga (you have to put the specific Pokemon in your front slot). You can always do this later if you find it inconvenient to do this now.

Back on the beach, there are six trainers on the beach (plus one other guy).
(From east to west)
Sailor Luther
Wingull LV 41
Machoke LV 42
Gastrodon LV 43

Fisherman Cole
Gyarados LV 43 x2
Remoraid LV 40

Fisherman Brett
Magikarp LV 43
Finneon LV 42
Feebas LV 42

Tuber Holly
Remoraid LV 44

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Clayton
Mr. Mime LV 44

Fisherman Alec
Magikarp LV 41
Remoraid LV 41
Gyarados LV 42
Finneon LV 41

There are two more trainers guarding the steps back up to the main path on the west side.
MINOR ICONIC
Poke Maniac Khoury
Croconaw LV 43
Gible LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Lyra
Marill LV 43
Chikorita LV 43
Girafarig LV 43

There are also four hidden items:
1. From the door of the right house, go all the way south to the sea, then two steps to the north and check the tile east of you for a Heart Scale.
2. From the position below the NE rock, in the middle, go three steps west and check the tile south of you for a Full Restore.
3. Go in the same middle position below the middle rock, take two steps south and check the tile south of you for another Full Restore.
4. Go in the middle position below the western rock. Take one step south and check the tile west of you for another Heart Scale.

Now head back east along the main path, and fight the four trainers on the upper route (the way you would have gone before the TG interlude).
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Mario
Granbull LV 45

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Mitchell
Murkrow LV 45

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Rhyanna
Misdreavus LV 44

MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Kodama
Quagsire LV 42
Magnemite LV 42

At this point, the upper path and the beach path remerge. Continue east past another trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Marley
Arcanine LV 45

After you beat her, she'll give you a Power Anklet. Continue on to the gate that leads out of this route. You'll have to defeat Barry again in order to get there. If you arrived here before beating TR at the mansion, Barry won’t fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Barry
Empoleon LV 48

Going into the Pokémon Center in Sunnyshore City and talking to the woman there tells us that some strange energy has appeared on Route 207 from what happened at Spear Pillar (you can get there by going north from Oreburgh City or talking to the girl with the Abra in Hearthome City). And it seems she’s right - a portal like the one back at Spear Pillar has appeared. Let’s check it out first before exploring the rest of Sunnyshore City.

---------------------
MOUNT CORONET - PAST:
---------------------
Wild Pokémon: Hisuian Voltorb, Hisuian Sneasel, Hisuian Zorua, Hisuian Growlithe, Wyrdeer, Teddiursa, Scyther, Hisuian Lilligant, Hisuian Braviary, Ursaluna. Levels 25 - 50.
Fishing (Old Rod): White-Striped Basculin and Hisuian Qwilfish. Levels 25 - 50.
Fishing (Good Rod): Hisuian Sliggoo, Basculegion and Hisuian Avalugg. Levels 25 - 50.

Well, unless you’ve been living under a rock, you’ll know that Sinnoh in the past was known as Hisui. That’s right, this is basically Hisui in Fire Ash. You’ll be able to obtain a lot of Hisuian forms by either catching some here or by levelling up Pokémon with an evolution with a Hisuian form here. For example, levelling up a Quilava past LV 36 here will evolve it into a Hisuian Typhlosion.

Right beneath the portal is a Blank Plate, which powers up Normal type moves.
Plate Collection: 17/18

Then, in the corner, there’s 5 Peat Blocks, which can be used to evolve Ursaring into Ursaluna.

After that, go left to grab 5 Starf Berries and in the top corner, there’s 5 Black Augurites, which can be used to evolve Scyther into Kleavor.

Lastly, go all the way right. Here you’ll find Enamorus, waiting for you to catch it.

Once you’ve done everything you’ve wanted to do here, head back to Sunnyshore City.

----------------
SUNNYSHORE CITY:
----------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Krabby and Corphish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Octillery, Politoed, and Lanturn.

The green Poke Mart clone is a Stone Shop. It has two clerks. The upper one sells:
Fire Stone - 2100
Water Stone - 2100
Thunder Stone - 2100
Leaf Stone - 2100
Moon Stone - 2100

The bottom one sells:
Sun Stone - 2100
Shiny Stone - 2100
Dusk Stone - 2100
Dawn Stone - 2100
Ice Stone - 2100

This is the first place where you can get an Ice Stone, meaning that you can get a Glaceon by evolving Eevee with an Ice Stone if you want to.

Next to the stone shop, you can grab the Zap Plate.
!!! Plate Collection: 18/18 !!!

There's also a Thunder Stone, but you'll have to go around to get it -- and by that I mean that you'll have to go to the NE corner of the city and follow the narrow path along the eastern edge.

On the eastern side of town, there is a ship guarded by a trainer, who will give you the Power Belt and the Power Band.
MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Buck
Baltoy LV 49
Claydol LV 49

The ship itself won't leave until the Sinnoh League starts, so let's leave it for now.
Head to the south-eastern part of the city and talk to Flint (the red-haired guy in front of the tower) and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Flint
Infernape LV 55

This will allow you to enter the Gym. The Gym has six trainers plus Volkner.
Rocker Lonnie
Raichu LV 47
Luxio LV 45 x2

Rocker Jerry
Magnemite LV 44
Luxio LV 44 x2

Youngster Forrest
Pikachu LV 42
Pikachu LV 42
Magneton LV 47

Lass Tiera
Pikachu LV 42
Pikachu LV 42
Pachirisu LV 47

Cool Trainer Destiny
Electabuzz LV 47
Raichu LV 48

Cool Trainer Zachery
Electabuzz LV 47
Magneton LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER VOLKNER Round 1 (3v1)
Luxray LV 45

Unfortunately, your battle with Volkner gets interrupted by someone messing with the tower. It's TR (who else?). Go to the tower and fight them.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Seviper LV 48
Yanmega LV 47
Carnivine LV 47
Wobbuffet LV 42
Mime Jr. LV 40

Once they leave, collect a Life Orb there. Unfortunately, the damage to the tower means that the Gym will be offline for a while. In the meantime, Nurse Joy at the Pokemon Centre tells you that someone's been asking for you to head towards the Valor Lakefront, so let's head there.

Outside the Contest Hall, You'll meet Bertha, who will challenge you to a battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Bertha
Hippowdon LV 52

After she's beaten, you can now enter the contest hall and fight some trainers. This is the Sinnoh Grand Festival, so it's basically a who's who of Dawn's rivals, plus Dawn herself.
ICONIC BATTLE
Youngster Kenny
Empoleon LV 46
Floatzel LV 45
Alakazam LV 45
Breloom LV 45
Machoke LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Ursula
Gabite LV 46
Jigglypuff LV 45
Vaporeon LV 45
Flareon LV 45
Plusle LV 45
Minun LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
Gentleman Nando
Roserade LV 46
Lopunny LV 45
Sunflora LV 45
Kricketot LV 40
Kricketune LV 46
Altaria LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Zoey
Glameow LV 46
Leafeon LV 45
Gastrodon LV 45
Lumineon LV 45
Gallade LV 45
Mismagius LV 45

Unfortunately, you won't get the chance to beat Dawn herself, so let's head back to battle the Sunnyshore Gym. Go back to Volkner and fight him again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER VOLKNER Round 2 (3v3)
Electivire LV 46
Jolteon LV 48
Luxray LV 50

This will grant you the Beacon Badge and TM93 (Wild Charge).

Alright, so that's all Sinnoh gyms done, the Sinnoh teleport system is complete, and we can continue to the League -- but before that, there's a whole lot of smaller things to do.

1. Dawn appears in the eastern part of the town, on the path to the Sinnoh League ship. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 47
Mamoswine LV 47
Togekiss LV 47
Buneary LV 47
Pachirisu LV 45
Cyndaquil LV 45

2. The guy with a Skarmory close to the tower will now offer to fly you to the three lakes (Lake Verity, Lake Valor, and Lake Acuity). You'll always end up on an island with the cave where you can find a Legendary Pokemon: Lake Verity has Mesprit, Lake Valor has Azelf, and Lake Acuity has Uxie. All of them are LV 50.
3. Go back to Route 222 and go to the beach. There's a sandbar you can get to, which now has Heatran and Shaymin, both LV 50.
4. You now get to go to the bottom of Mt. Coronet -- go to Hearthome City and talk to the girl with Abra in the SW corner. You can find Giratina there at LV 50. This is also one of the places where you can evolve Magneton and Nosepass since there is a magnetic field. There are no random battles, so you'd have to level them up using a Rare Candy unless you want to get EXP by killing Giratina. (You don't.) Be sure to also grab the Griseous Orb in the corner.

As for recommended Pokeballs, you should use Fast Balls for Azelf and Shaymin and Heavy Balls for Heatran and Giratina. Mesprit and Uxie will probably be best dealt with with Timer Balls.

With everything done and eight new Legendary Pokemon, go to Sunnyshore City and take the ship to the Lily of the Valley Island.

--------------------------
LILY OF THE VALLEY ISLAND:
--------------------------
Wild Pokemon: Lunatone, Solrock, Claydol, Vileplume, Voltorb, Pineco, Onix, Golem, Mantine, Gloom. Level 35-38.

This island is formed from four smaller connected islands. You start at the SE island. The NE island has shops, and by now you should know what they are.

The SW island has wild Pokemon for training. The NW island has the League building and another battle with Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Sudowoodo LV 45
Croagunk LV 42
Chansey LV 40

The League building has the usual amenities -- Pokemon Centre, Poke Mart, and McCann as a Day Care. Register in the SW corner.

First two battles are on the first exit from the left, and they include the battle with Nando.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Gentleman Nando (3v3)
Roserade LV 52
Armaldo LV 50
Kricketune LV 50

LEAGUE BATTLE
Lady Nicci (3v3)
Tangrowth LV 50
Shellos LV 50
Grumpig LV 50

The second exit from the left has the third round, against Conway.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Super Nerd Conway (3v3)
Shuckle LV 50
Lickilicky LV 50
Dusknoir LV 53

The middle exit has the fourth round, against Paul.
MAJOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Rival Paul
Aggron LV 54
Gastrodon LV 54
Electivire LV 58
Froslass LV 54
Drapion LV 57
Ninjask LV 54

Lastly, the second exit from the right has the fifth round (semi-finals, against Tobias).
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tobias
Darkrai LV 60
Latios LV 60

All Pokémon in your party will have the Lily Ribbon afterwards.

That's as far as you can get. As usual, once you leave the island, you're no longer allowed to come back.

Return back home to Pallet Town and talk to Professor Oak to start Gen 5!

But before we go to Unova, there are a few more Legendary Pokemon to get:
1. Go to Lake Verity (through Route 201, west from Sandgem Town) and fight Manaphy there. 
2. Go to Lake Valor and fight Arceus there. Put it in your party and give him various plates to register its different forms in the Pokedex.
3. Go to Snowpoint City and talk to Brandon by the Temple. He’ll give you Regigigas.

Manaphy should be caught with Fast Balls while Heavy Balls are good for Arceus.

Now head to Pallet town and talk to Oak to get a new Gen 5 outfit and a new destination: Unova. You can also put the Unova Cap on Pikachu from the right Cap Drawer in your room. Head to Viridian City and take the blimp to -- Nuvema Town!

If you missed obtaining TM37 Sandstorm from Forrest (Brock's younger brother) in Brock's house in Pewter City, you can now obtain it from Brock's younger sister Yolanda (who looks like a lass).


-----------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 5: UNOVA REGION
-----------------------------------

------------
NUVEMA TOWN:
------------
Right after you arrive, there's a guy in the blimp waiting room who will give you TM01 (Hone Claws).

A guy in the town will give you another Exp. Share.

Outside the lab is Zekrom (LV 25) just chilling and waiting to be caught. Zekrom is heavy, so Heavy Balls are recommended. There’s also a Pidove outside the lab that’ll give you a Shuca Berry.

The Lab has a healing machine, a PC, a Day Care guy, and a teleporter that connects to the labs in other regions (and to your house). Back at Oak’s Lab, a guy will show up that’ll give you a Rotom Catalog to change Rotom’s forms anywhere you’d like.

Go out of town to meet Trip and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Trip
Snivy LV 5

Continue north to Route 1.

--------
ROUTE 1:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Pidove, *Patrat, *Deerling, *Woobat, *Sandile. Level 2-4.

The first thing you will find is an ICONIC LV 2 Pidove. The second person you come to will give you a Potion.

After that, you'll see an ICONIC LV 5 Oshawott. Talk to it, then go back to Professor Juniper. Go talk to her and she'll allow you to take the Oshawott. Then continue north, meet Iris and fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Axew LV 2

Continue north to Accumula Town.

--------------
ACCUMULA TOWN:
--------------
Nothing too important here except for a design change -- Unova has Poke Mart counters folded into Pokémon Centres.

On the platform above the Pokémon Centre is an Eelektrik that’ll give you a Grip Claw.

The house in the NW corner has a guy who will give you a Poke Ball.

Go to the warehouse in the SW corner of the town for another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Woobat LV 6

After the battle, talk to the ICONIC LV 5 Tepig and take it with you. Now you can leave the town to the west and go to Route 2.

--------
ROUTE 2:
--------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokemon: Pidove, Patrat, Deerling, Woobat, Sandile. Level 2-4.

No new Pokemon here, the encounters are exactly the same as on Route 1.

Start by going west and grabbing a Poke Ball in the grass. Go east past a trainer.
Youngster Jimmy
Patrat LV 7

Proceed into the next grass patch. There's a 2x3 rectangle of clear ground in this patch, with one extra clear tile attached; that extra tile hides a Rare Candy. Fight the next trainer beyond.
Lass Mali
Purrloin LV 7

Go west into a dead end for a Razor Claw.

Go back and continue east, up the stairs, to grab another Potion on the plateau. Back to the second trainer and continue north, past one more trainer, to Striaton City.
Youngster Roland
Lillipup LV 7

--------------
STRIATON CITY:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Often Sunny
Fishing (Old Rod): *Basculin.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna and *Alomomola.

Basculin has three distinct forms (with red, blue and white stripes). You can only find white-striped Basculin in Hisui, whereas you can encounter red and blue-striped Basculin anywhere else.
Swanna is an evolved form, you can catch its base form (Ducklett) later.

The house west from where you come in has a guy who will give you a Great Ball.

A biker in the SE corner of the city will give you a Dusk Ball.

The SW corner of the town has X Speed.

Go west to the park, then south past the bridge to find a Great Ball.

East from the town is the Dreamyard. You can catch *Munna and Musharna there. The person on the right will also give you an Eviolite.

The Gym has no normal trainers, just three leaders (and a restaurant, for some reason). You must fight them in the given order: Chili (on the left) first, then Cress (on the right), and finally Cilan (in the middle).
ICONIC BATTLES
GYM LEADER CHILI (1v1)
Pansear LV 10

GYM LEADER CRESS (1v1)
Panpour LV 10

GYM LEADER CILAN (1v1)
Pansage LV 10

Beating Cilan will give you the Trio Badge and three different TMs: TM38 (Fire Blast), TM109 (Dive), and TM108 (Solar Blade). The Unova teleport system will now start to work.

Leave Striaton City through the NW exit and go to Route 3.

--------
ROUTE 3:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Dwebble, *Darumaka, *Trubbish, *Minccino, *Yamask, Scolipede, Darmanitan. Level 8-11.
Fishing (Old Rod): Basculin.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna and Alomomola.

First of all, Darmanitan (evolved form of Darumaka) has a special "Zen Mode'' alternate form. You'll receive a Zen Mode Darmanitan soon, and Darumaka and Darmanitan here will only have its normal ability. As for Scolipede, that's actually a third-stage evolution. Don't worry, you will be able to get its base form, Venipede, pretty soon.

First thing you'll find here is a preschool up the stairs to the north. Fight the two trainers here.
Lass Wendy
Pansear LV 10

Youngster Doyle
Panpour LV 10

Grab the two items: a visible Quick Ball and an Ultra Ball that is hidden in the SW corner of this area.

Inside the school, you can fight the teacher.
MINOR ICONIC
Aroma Lady Daniela
Deerling LV 10

Go back down the stairs and continue west past a pair of double trainers.
Twins Kumi & Amy
Purrloin LV 10 x2

You'll get to a crossroads where you can go either west or south (there's also a trainer and a Super Potion in the grass patch north of the crossroads).
Pokemon Breeder Adelaide
Patrat LV 9
Lillipup LV 9
Pidove LV 9

Let's go west first. Go past a trainer.
Youngster Tully
Pansage LV 10

Circle around the trees to the north. You can find a HP Up in the grass there. Then continue west to the cave. A boulder at the south end of the area hides a Great Ball.

Talk to the ICONIC Snivy at the cave's entrance and it will move away. Go inside.

----------------
WELLSPRING CAVE:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: *Roggenrola and Woobat. Level 10-13.
Fishing (Old Rod): Basculin.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna and Alomomola.

Go directly west and when you hit the plateau, check the rubble south of you for a Hard Stone. Then continue west and south, up the stairs to the plateau, and east past the trainer until you get a Max Revive at the end of the path.
Black Belt Edward
Scraggy LV 12
Throh LV 12
Sawk LV 12

Nothing else here, so go back out.
ROUTE 3:
Go east until you get back to the crossroads and continue south. Go past a trainer and then through the next two trainers to a fenced grass patch.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Bianca
Pignite LV 11

Youngster Al
Blitzle LV 13

Lass Marsha
Woobat LV 13

The ICONIC LV 12 Snivy will be there and you can get it as a gift pokemon.

Continue south and fight Trip again.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Trip
Servine LV 15
Frillish LV 13
Vanillite LV 13
Tranquill LV 13
Lampent LV 13

Just before the bridge, there is a grass patch with a Repel and a trainer just to the west.
Youngster Edgar
Pidove LV 12
Roggenrola LV 12

After the bridge, fight another trainer.
Lady Autumn
Lillipup LV 10
Munna LV 10

Then you find the Unova Day Care. The lady here will give you an ICONIC Scraggy egg; you have to take it before she'll start to perform normal Day Care duties. West from the Day Care is a Full Heal.

Continue west to Nacrene City.

-------------
NACRENE CITY:
-------------
The first house you come to has a vendor selling herbs:
Energy Powder - 500
Heal Powder - 450
Energy Root - 800
Revival Herb - 2800

The second house has a vendor selling X-items:
X Attack - 500
X Defense - 550
X Speed - 350
X Sp.Atk - 350
X Sp.Def - 350
X Accuracy - 950
Guard Spec - 700
Dire Hit - 650

At the west edge of the town, there are two houses with a fence made from bushes. The easternmost bush in the horizontal line hides a Revive.

The SW house has a guy who will trade his Petilil for your Cottonee.

The Pokemon Centre has a Move Tutor for Electroweb.

The lady next to the Pokemon Centre will give you a Miracle Seed, Charcoal or Mystic Water if you answer her question with Snivy, Tepig or Oshawott respectively.

Iris is in front of the Gym/Museum. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Axew LV 6
Excadrill LV 17

In the Museum, you start between two counters. There are many bookshelves (and also three trainers).
Lass Lydia
Lillipup LV 15 x3

Scientist Satomi
Herdier LV 17

Scientist Carter
Patrat LV 17

Check the left side of the top right bookshelf to press a secret switch and uncover a staircase.

Downstairs, you will find Lenora. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER LENORA Round 1 (2v2)
Lillipup LV 16
Watchog LV 20

Afterwards, she'll send you to her husband (the left counter at the Museum entrance) who will give you the Cover Fossil (Tirtouga) and the Plume Fossil (Archen). Go back to Lenora and fight her again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER LENORA Round 2 (2v2)
Herdier LV 18
Watchog LV 20

When you beat her, she'll give you the Basic Badge and TM05 (Roar). The Unova Teleport system gets updated. The Pidove back in Nuvema Town has also evolved into Tranquil and will now give you a Yache Berry.
Leave the city to the west to reach the Pinwheel Forest.

----------------
PINWHEEL FOREST:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: *Sewaddle, *Cottonee, Galvantula, Patrat, *Venipede, Woobat, *Petilil, Pidove. Level 14-17.
Galvantula is an evolved form of Joltik -- you'll soon be able to get one of your own. Venipede is the base form of Scolipede you might have met before.

The main path has 4 trainers on it (two single and a pair of double trainers).
Youngster Homer
Roggenrola LV 14

Crush Kin Kentaro & Lee
Timburr LV 16 x2

Lass Juliet
Cottonee LV 13
Petilil LV 13

Then there's a fenced grass patch with one trainer guarding the path in, and two more trainers inside.
Aroma Lady Shery
Munna LV 15

Youngster Zachary
Venipede LV 14
Lillipup LV 14

Youngster Keita
Tympole LV 13 x3

There is a Star Piece in a corner.

Continue among the trees to reach the second part of the forest. The encounters are different there:

Wild Pokemon: Sewaddle, Woobat, Galvantula, Petilil, Venipede, Patrat, Swadloon, Cottonee, Whirlipede, Gothitelle. Level 14-17.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Tympole.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Ducklett, *Tympole, and Alomomola.

Some Pokemon, Petilil in particular, are more common here. You can also get a Ducklett, base form of Swanna. There's one new Pokemon, Gothitelle. It's rare and it's an evolved form -- wait a bit, you will be able to get its base form, Gothita, soon.
This is another location where Eevee can evolve into Leafeon.

From the start, go west. You'll meet a pair of double trainers.
Twins Mayo & May
Sewaddle LV 16 x2

The path north is blocked for now, so continue west and fight a trainer.
Youngster Sammy
Munna LV 17

After, you'll reach a big grass patch with a trainer.
Lass Millie
Pidove LV 16
Purrloin LV 16

Above her is an ICONIC LV 14 Sewaddle. Add it to your team.

There are three items in this patch as well: a Super Potion is visible in the NW corner, but the other two items are hidden:
Super Potion: Start in the NE corner and go west along the fence. Search the first clear tile you come to.
Ether: Start in the SE corner and go west along the fence. Search the second clear tile you come to.

Next, you come to another grass patch with a trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Audra
Pansage LV 18

North from there is a Great Ball. Then another big grass patch and another trainer.
Lass Eva
Woobat LV 15 x3

After that, you'll see a clear area with another trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Forrest
Herdier LV 18

Go down the stairs to the SE.

This grass patch has another trainer.
Youngster Nicholas
Venipede LV 16
Timburr LV 16

It also has three items. A visible Net Ball is at the end of the path, but you can also find two hidden ones:

Tiny Mushroom: Find a lone clear tile at the southern edge of this patch. The Tiny Mushroom is hidden two tiles north of it.
Rare Candy: It's hidden in the only lone clear tile at the eastern edge of the patch.

After you get everything, go back up the stairs and continue north. You'll see an event with Burgh. There's a trainer and Star Piece in the area.
Pokemon Ranger Irene
Panpour LV 18

Continue east to end up on the road to face another trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Miguel
Pansear LV 18

Grab the Silver Powder south from you. The path to the east is impassable for now, so continue north to the Skyarrow Bridge.

----------------
SKYARROW BRIDGE:
----------------
Weather Forecast: Sunny almost all the time
This is just a long, narrow bridge. Second guy you come to will give you a Quick Claw.

There's many people on the bridge, including several trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Burgundy
Dewott LV 18
Sawsbuck LV 18

ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cilan
Pansage LV 21
Dwebble LV 19

Once you cross the bridge, continue north to Castelia City.

--------------
CASTELIA CITY:
--------------
Now that's a lot of Venipedes. You can fight them, but there's no real point since they don't disappear after you defeat them. For now, only one house and the Pokemon Centre are accessible -- all other places are blocked by the Venipedes.

The Pokemon Centre has a guy who will give you a Zoom Lens. The house has another battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Woobat LV 18
Yamask LV 20

Once you beat them, the Venipedes will disappear and you will be able to access the rest of the city.

The sailor in the SE corner will give you an evolution stone based on how you answer his question:
Pansage - Leaf Stone
Pansear - Fire Stone
Panpour - Water Stone

You can only do this once, but at this point, you can buy as many of these as you want, so it doesn't really matter what you say.

A little girl on the central street will give you a Destiny Knot.

The guy in the NE corner of the city sells Casteliacones for 100 pokedollars. It's basically a Full Heal, except much cheaper in exchange for only being available at one place.

So that's for the outside of the city, but what's in the buildings?

The Mint Shop (in the SW corner of the city):
This shop is interesting, as it is the only place that sells Mints. These wonderful items allow you to change the nature of your Pokemon. From left to right, the ones you can buy are:

(Attack)
Lonely Mint - 20
Adamant Mint - 20
Naughty Mint - 20
Brave Mint - 20

(Defense)
Bold Mint - 20
Impish Mint - 20
Lax Mint - 20
Relaxed Mint - 20

(Sp. Attack)
Modest Mint - 20
Mild Mint - 20
Rash Mint - 20
Quiet Mint - 20

(Sp. Defense)
Calm Mint - 20
Gentle Mint - 20
Careful Mint - 20
Sassy Mint - 20

(Speed)
Timid Mint - 20
Hasty Mint - 20
Jolly Mint - 20
Naive Mint - 20
Serious Mint - 20 (Neutral)

The Poke Ball Factory (SW corner, west of the Mint Shop):

The second floor has two vendors selling Poke Balls:
Left vendor:
Level Ball - 200
Lure Ball - 200
Moon Ball - 200
Friend Ball - 200
Love Ball - 200
Heavy Ball - 200
Fast Ball - 200
Repeat Ball - 1000
Timer Ball - 1000

Right vendor:
Nest Ball - 1000
Net Ball - 1000
Dive Ball - 1000
Luxury Ball - 1000
Heal Ball - 300
Quick Ball - 1000
Dusk Ball - 1000

They have the same inventory as the vendors in Slateport MARKET.

The third floor has five trainers in a row.
Scientist Ingrid
Herdier LV 19

Scientist Clemens
Timburr LV 19

Scientist Randall
Roggenrola LV 19

Scientist Warren
Basculin LV 17 x3

Scientist Alberta
Petilil LV 18
Cottonee LV 18

Once you beat them, talk to the guy by the stairs on the right and you'll get a Master Ball.

The house north from here, on the right side of the western street, has a Brilliant Judge.

Flower Shop (on the left side of the central street) sells:
Growth Mulch - 200
Damp Mulch - 200
Stable Mulch - 200
Gooey Mulch - 200

Same inventory as in Goldenrod City.

A bit north from the Flower Shop is a house with an old man who will give you a Smoke Ball.

Store (the house on the left side of the eastern street, straight north from the Pokemon Centre):

Second floor sells:
Full Incense - 5000
Lax Incense - 5000
Luck Incense - 11000
Odd Incense - 2000
Pure Incense - 6000
Rock Incense - 2000
Rose Incense - 2000
Sea Incense - 2000
Wave Incense - 2000

Third floor sells:
HP Up - 9800
Protein - 9800
Iron - 9800
Calcium - 9800
Zinc - 9800
Carbos - 9800

Nice, but nothing new.

Studio Castella (the house on the right side of the eastern street) -- nothing important.

The NW house on the eastern street -- a man who will give you TM12 (Taunt).

Now for the Gym. There are four trainers plus Burgh.
Bug Catcher Rick
Sewaddle LV 21

Bug Catcher Kenny
Sewaddle LV 20
Dwebble LV 20

Bug Catcher Jack
Sewaddle LV 20
Venipede LV 20

Bug Catcher Louis
Venipede LV 20
Sewaddle LV 20

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BURGH (3v3)
Dwebble LV 21
Whirlipede LV 21
Leavanny LV 23

Beat him for the Insect Badge and TM76 (Pollen Puff). The Unova teleport system gets upgraded again.

Now exit the city to the north, through the park.

--------
ROUTE 4:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Roggenrola, *Elgyem, *Litwick, *Blitzle, *Foongus, Darumaka, Lampent, Swoobat, Darmanitan. Level 15-18.
Fishing (Old Rod): Tympole and *Frillish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Palpitoad, *Stunfisk, and Beartic.

Beartic is the evolved form of Cubchoo. You can catch one soon.

First of all, go west on the beach. The beach area is big and complex so we'll start by exploring it.

Beat the trainer west from the entrance and two trainers down on the beach.
MINOR ICONIC
Engineer Cliff
Mienfoo LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Leon
Beheeyem LV 19 

Fisherman Andrew
Basculin LV 16 x4

There is an ICONIC LV 19 Palpitoad here. Add it to your team.

Continue north into the weird maze of fences. This area has three trainers.
Engineer Gus
Roggenrola LV 17 x2
Timburr LV 17

Engineer Zack
Timburr LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Lady Emmy
Druddigon LV 19

Past the first trainer is an ICONIC LV 17 Roggenrola. There are also two visible items (an X Accuracy and a Great Ball) and one hidden item. At the western edge of this area is a 2x4 rectangle of grass. An Ether is hidden in the NW tile.

Now go all the way back to the start of the route and go north. Beat three trainers along the route, including an optional double battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Poke Maniac Luke
Zorua LV 18
Leavanny LV 17
Golett LV 18

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Doyle
Solosis LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Christie
Gothita LV 19

After these three, you run into that jerk Trip again. DECIMATE HIM.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Trip
Servine LV 23
Vanillite LV 20
Timburr LV 20

To the northeast of Trip is a special Darmanitan. This is the only Darmanitan in the game that you can get that has the ability Zen Mode, which enables it to activate its Zen Form. Be sure to grab it.

Heading back to the main road, you'll now reach a crossroad. The way north is blocked, so you'll have to go west. This path has three trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Crush Girl Georgia
Beartic LV 20

Juggler Keane
Darumaka LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Misha 
Purrloin LV 18

ICONIC BATTLE
Black Belt Stephan
Blitzle LV 19

It has a visible Hyper Potion, and a hidden Ether. It's hidden in the middle of the three boulders in this area.

Eventually, you'll get to a new area of Route 4 with new set of Pokemon:

Wild Pokemon: *Emolga, *Cubchoo, *Joltik, *Audino, Scrafty, Mandibuzz, *Larvesta, Simisear, Scolipede. Level 15-18.

Cubchoo is the base form of Beartic. Joltik is the base form of Galvantula you have probably met before. Scrafty is the evolved form of Scraggy, but you should already get one from the egg the Day Care lady gave you. Mandibuzz is the evolved form of Vullaby. It will take some time before you can catch a Vullaby, so if you want to breed a Mandibuzz, that's also an option.
Finally, Simisear is the evolved form of Pansear. You'll be able to catch a Pansear soon.

There is a Move Tutor for Role Play to the left of the house. Enter the house (Club Battle). You need to fight four trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Burgundy (Cilan's Rival)
Stoutland LV 21

ICONIC BATTLE
Crush Girl Georgia (Dragon Buster, Iris's Rival)
Pawniard LV 21

MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Dino
Darumaka LV 21

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Excadrill LV 24

Afterwards, grab the item at the end of the road, which is a set of feathers: Health Feather, Muscle Feather, Resist Feather, Genius Feather, Clever Feather, Swift Feather, and Pretty Feather.

Now go back to the crossroads and north to reach Nimbasa City.

-------------
NIMBASA CITY:
-------------
Start by going to the house west from the Pokemon Centre. The boy upstairs will give you a Sun Stone.

The house north of the Pokemon Centre has two ladies inside. The right one will give you another Macho Brace. The left one will judge the EVs of your lead Pokemon and give it the Special Ribbon if it's maxed.

The north part of the city has three buildings. The left and middle ones are stadiums where you can fight some trainers - the Small Court on the left has 6 trainers.
Lass Aspen
Cottonee LV 25
Petilil LV 25

Gambler John
Herdier LV 25
Roggenrola LV 25

Crush Girl Mari
Dewott LV 26

Crush Girl Elena
Blitzle LV 26

Youngster Lamarcus
Swadloon LV 25
Herdier LV 25

Gambler Bobby
Whirlipede LV 26

There are 9 trainers in the Big Stadium to the right of the Small Court.
Swimmer Connor
Tranquill LV 25
Sandile LV 25

Rocker Jonah
Dwebble LV 26

Rocker Dan
Darumaka LV 25
Timburr LV 25

Swimmer Victoria
Liepard LV 26

Swimmer Alex
Pansage LV 24
Pansear LV 24
Panpour LV 24

Rocker Bob
Timburr LV 25 x2

Swimmer Todd
Timburr LV 26

Biker Marco
Roggenrola LV 26

Biker Tony
Tranquill LV 26

The right building is the Music Hall. Talk to the old man (top right person) and answer "Yes" to his question to get TM61 (Will-O-Wisp).

Next to the Gym is the Game Corner. Pokemon offered here are:
Elgyem - 180 coins
*Tynamo - 500 coins
*Deino - 2800 coins
*Zorua - 5500 coins
Larvesta - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Blue Scarf - 800 coins
Red Scarf - 1000 coins
Pink Scarf - 1000 coins
Green Scarf - 1000 coins
Yellow Scarf - 1600 coins

Note that this is the only way to obtain Zorua apart from trading for it with a trainer later in the game.

Now let's go to the gym. Pick up an X Attack along the way, in the eastern part of the city. You'll have to fight Bianca's father first.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Red Meteor
Darmanitan LV 25 (Red Flash)

Pick up a Super Repel southeast of the Gym as well. 

The Gym has 4 trainers plus Elesa.
Rocker Rolan
Blitzle LV 24 x2

Beauty Colette
Emolga LV 25

Rocker Cody
Blitzle LV 25

Beauty Magnolia
Emolga LV 24 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER ELESA (3v3)
Zebstrika LV 27
Emolga LV 25
Tynamo LV 27

Beat her for the Bolt Badge and TM72 (Volt Switch).

The Unova teleport system gets updated again. Also, the Battle Subway is open to you now. Once you get there, you'll meet Cilan again. Fight the Subway Bosses, Emmet and Ingo in a multi battle alongside Cilan.
ICONIC BATTLE
Subway Bosses Emmet & Ingo
Eelektross LV 25
Chandelure LV 25

Now go all the way back to Fuchsia City in Kanto. We have the next part of Safari Zone to tackle! Go through the SW exit to reach the Unova part.

------------------
SAFARI ZONE UNOVA:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Pansage, *Pansear, Audino, *Axew, *Durant, Ferrothorn, *Heatmor, Larvesta, Dwebble, Deino, Gothorita, Deerling. Level 30-35.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Panpour and Alomomola.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Cryogonal, Stunfisk, and Cubchoo.

Ferrothorn is the evolved form of Ferroseed. It will still be some time before you can catch your own.
Gothorita is the evolved form of Gothita. You'll be able to catch it soon.
 
There are two visible items here (a Dusk Stone and a Protein), and one hidden item: a Nugget. It's in the 4x4 square patch of grass, 2nd tile from north and 2nd from east.

Once you're done here, return to Nimbasa City and leave through the west exit to Route 5.

--------
ROUTE 5:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Lillipup, Deino, Sawsbuck, *Boufallant, Axew, Pansage, Pansear, Panpour, *Gothita, Gigalith, Garbodor. Level 19-22.

...or you could just catch the majority of Safari Zone Pokemon here. Your choice. And we can finally find the base Gothita.

This Route is divided in two parts: the northern part with grass patches, and the southern road. The northern part has three trainers.
Painter Huse
Sigilyph LV 23

Juggler Paul
Whirlipede LV 22 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Toby
Maractus LV 24 x3 (Marra, Racca, & Tussy)

There are three visible items: from east to west, they are a Revive, a Zinc, and a Great Ball. The southern part has 7 trainers, including a battle with the region champion, Alder.
Youngster Bily
Herdier LV 26

Lass Sarah
Herdier LV 26

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Robert
Swoobat LV 23

Juggler Preston
Blitzle LV 22 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Katharine
Gothita LV 23
Mandibuzz LV 23
Deerling LV 23
Darumaka LV 23

Cool Trainer Jenn
Panpour LV 21
Pansear LV 21
Pansage LV 21

ICONIC BATTLE
Champion Alder
Bouffalant LV 30

There's also a vendor who sells berries out of a truck. Probably illegally harvested, I'd wager.

When you get to the bridge, talk to the guy there. If you have finished both the Nimbasa Gym AND the Battle Subway, he'll let you cross. Continue west and talk to another bridge attendant to get to Driftveil City.

You can fish from the bridge, though the only Pokemon you can catch there with either rod is Ducklett.

---------------
DRIFTVEIL CITY:
---------------
The first house you come to has three Move Tutors, teaching Fire Pledge, Water Pledge, and Grass Pledge.

Close to that is a Scrafty that’ll give you some Leftovers.

The girl outside the Market (looks like a Poké Mart) will give you a Big Pearl. The Market has three vendors: the left one sells Moomoo Milk, the middle one sells bitter medicine, and the third one sells Incenses.

There are two trainers near the market.
MINOR ICONIC
Cue Ball Charles
Accelgor LV 27

MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Linda
Timburr LV 27

Go east to a fenced area at the edge of the town. Talk to the girl here to get a Rocky Helmet.

Enter the house west from the Pokemon Centre and talk to the old man there to get a Shell Bell.

The Pokemon Centre has a trader who will trade his Zorua for your Minccino.

On the way to the gym, you'll run into a Move Tutor for the move Drill Run.
Finally, talk to Clay in front of the Gym. He doesn't want to fight cuz the world might be ending on Milos Island -- bummer. Go to the southern part of the city and talk to the sailor. He wouldn't help you before but now he'll take you to Milos Island.

-------------
MILOS ISLAND:
-------------
Weather forecast: Stormy.
Wild Pokemon: Patrat, Pidove, Blitzle, Cottonee, Deerling, Darmanitan, Sawsbuck. Level 20-23.
Fishing (Old Rod): Basculin and Swanna.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna, Alomomola, and Basculin.

This island is one long, winding road with lots of trainers -- and there are also the three Legendary Forces of Nature for you to capture (all three are fast, so Fast Balls are preferred). Tornadus and Thundurus are LV 32, while Landorus is LV 35.
The sequence is 2 trainers:
Cool Trainer Victor
Pansear LV 24
Timburr LV 24

Cool Trainer Kenneth
Whirlipede LV 24
Karrablast LV 24

- Tornadus -

Then 4 more trainers:
Cool Trainer Glenn
Panpour LV 24
Timburr LV 24

Cool Trainer Albert
Joltik LV 24
Dwebble LV 24

Cool Trainer Patton
Vanillite LV 24
Timburr LV 24

Cool Trainer Ryan
Timburr LV 23 x2
Vanillite LV 23

- Thundurus -

Then the final 2 trainers:
Cool Trainer Eddie
Pansage LV 24
Timburr LV 24

Cool Trainer Filipe
Gurdurr LV 25

- and finally Landorus.

Once you fight Landorus, you'll be transported back to Driftveil City. You can still take the boat back, but the trainers will be gone now and the weather will calm down -- the only reason to come back is to fight wild Pokemon or fish.

Back in Driftveil City, fight Chili who now blocks the way to the Gym. Go inside.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Chili
Pansear LV 28

The gym has a single winding road with stairs. There are 5 trainers and Clay at the end.
Hiker Felix
Palpitoad LV 28
Drilbur LV 28

Hiker Sterling
Sandile LV 28
Drilbur LV 28

Hiker Don
Krokorok LV 29

Hiker Isaac
Sandile LV 27 x2
Palpitoad LV 27

Hiker Rock
Drilbur LV 29

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CLAY (3v3)
Krokorok LV 29
Palpitoad LV 29
Excadrill LV 31

Beat Clay for the Quake Badge and TM28 (Dig).

After the Gym Battle, the Unova Teleport system gets updated again. You can now leave Driftveil City to the west and go to Route 6.

--------
ROUTE 6:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Shelmet, *Karrablast, Bouffalant, Deerling, Joltik, Tranquill, Foongus, *Sigilyph, Escavalier, Accelgor. Level 22-25.
Fishing (Old Rod): Panpour and Tympole.
Fishing (Good Rod): Tympole, Panpour, and Palpitoad.

Note that in order to evolve Shelmet and Karrablast, you must level them up when you have both in your party. Both can evolve in the presence of either the base OR the evolved form of the other, so you can't miss on it.

Start by going west past a bridge. Fight a trainer in the first grass patch.
Pokemon Ranger Kutz
Zorua LV 3

The western edge of this patch has two clear spots, check the second tile from the north in the northern spot for a Big Mushroom.

Continue east past another bridge and fight another trainer.
Aroma Lady Nicole
Tympole LV 24 x4

Talk to the next guy to receive a Silk Scarf. Continue west past yet ANOTHER bridge (seriously, did someone get a contract to build as many bridges as possible with no regards to practicality?), and fight a third trainer.
Scientist Jean
Deerling LV 27

Enter the house. One guy there will give you a Leaf Stone if you show him a Deerling.

Go west past another trainer right next to the house.
Scientist Willam
Deerling LV 27 (Shiny)

Then you can grab two items: an Elixir in the grass to the south and a Hyper Potion -- that one requires to go around the fence to the north.

Continue west and fight the trainer guarding the bridge.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Sean
Patrat LV 24
Seismitoad LV 24
Scolipede LV 24
Blitzle LV 24

Proceed across the bridge and through a big grass patch with a trainer (Bridge count 4).
Aroma Lady Tihana
Vanillite LV 26
Frillish LV 26

The next grass patch (Bridge count 5) has two trainers.
Pokemon Ranger Shanti
Emolga LV 27
Deerling LV 27

Scientist Ron
Deerling LV 27

Then there's a house to the east. An old man there will heal your party.

Go up the stairs and you'll be in front of the Chargestone Cave. If you come here before beating Clay, the entrance will be blocked, but now it's being guarded by an ICONIC LV 25 Krokorok. Talk to it and it will come with you, along with the Black Glasses that it loves.

Before going to the cave, there's one more grass patch to the SE. It has a girl who will give you a Shiny Stone, and a trainer in the dead end.

Pokemon Ranger Richard
Minccino LV 27
Emolga LV 27

Now enter the cave.

-----------------
CHARGESTONE CAVE:
-----------------
Wild Pokemon: This cave has three floors. All floors contain Joltik, *Klink, Klang, Galvantula, and Klinklang, but each of them also has one Pokemon that only appears there. The unique Pokemon on 1F is *Druddigon, on B1F it's Sigilyph, and on B2F it's Cofagrigus.

All three floors of the cave allow the evolution of Magneton and Nosepass since there is a magnetic field.

Start by going north. Turn west when you can to grab a Full Heal.

Continue north. You'll get to a crossroads. Go east to a small area with a trainer and a Revive.
Scientist Naoko
Klink LV 29

Go back to the crossroads and continue north. Fight a trainer and continue east.
Scientist Ronald
Klink LV 29

On the next crossroads, grab a Heal Ball to the north, then return and take the stairs to the south.

Go east. You'll see a small corner south of you, there is a Max Potion hidden on the tile.

Continue south and east past the bridge. The next area contains a visible Hyper Potion and a trainer.
Cool Trainer Corky
Whimsicott LV 30
Tirtouga LV 30

Go south and west to reach a dead end with an Iron. Take the ladder down.

On B1F, start by going west. Go past a trainer and fight two more trainers who guard the stairs to the north.
Cool Trainer Vicki
Stoutland LV 30
Ferroseed LV 30
Krokorok LV 30

Hiker Jeremy
Gigalith LV 32

Pokemon Ranger Briana
Minccino LV 30
Excadrill LV 30

But don't go there yet -- go west first.
Hug the northern wall and go west until you hit a corner -- a Full Heal is hidden in that corner. Continue north to grab a visible Thunder Stone, then west to a ladder back to 1F. You'll appear in a small area with a healer, a trainer, and an item (a Magnet).
Cool Trainer Jared
Archen LV 31

Be careful to not accidentally jump down to the west!

Go back down the ladder and return to the crossroad. Take the stairs to the north. Go east and north to get a Timer Ball, then back and north for a trainer.
Scientist Lumi
Joltik LV 30
Swoobat LV 30

The northern passageway leads you to two more trainers.
Super Nerd Kit
Solosis LV 30
Gothita LV 30

Scientist Orville
Klink LV 29

After that are two ladders: one up, one down. The exit is past the up ladder, but let's go down first.

On B2F, go south past a trainer.
Cool Trainer Allison
Drilbur LV 30
Zebstrika LV 30

Eventually, you'll arrive at a crossroad where you can continue east or south.

The eastern branch ends with a room that contains two visible items: a Lucky Egg and a Bright Powder. But that's not all -- there's also a Full Heal hidden on the tile between them.

The southern branch has another trainer and TM57 (Charge Beam).
Cool Trainer Stella
Gothita LV 29
Lilligant LV 29
Ducklett LV 29

Continue east and turn north to reach a dead end. The two tiles in this dead end contain a Rare Candy and a Star Piece.

That's it for B2F, so return to the ladder, then take the other ladder up. Back on 1F go east, then south and search the rock pile there for an Elixir. Go east to reach a crossroad and take the southern path to fight a trainer.
Hiker Hardy
Boldore LV 26
Gurdurr LV 26

Continue south until you reach the dead end -- the middle tile in here contains a hidden HP Up.

Return to the crossroad and take the eastern path. Go up the stairs and fight Iris.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Axew LV 10
Emolga LV 30
Excadrill LV 32

Exit to Mistralton City.

----------------
MISTRALTON CITY:
----------------
The house north of the Pokemon Centre has a Move Relearner and a Move Deleter. The guy in the house west from that will give you a Sharp Beak. The bottom left corner of the runway has a Max Ether.

Talk to Cilan in front of the Gym and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cilan
Pansage LV 30
Stunfisk LV 30
Crustle LV 33

This makes Skyla go back inside. Enter the Gym -- it has five normal trainers plus Skyla.
Bird Keeper Brady
Ducklett LV 32
Woobat LV 32

Bird Keeper Ted
Ducklett LV 32
Sigilyph LV 32

Bird Keeper Chase
Unfezant LV 33

Bird Keeper Arnold
Swoobat LV 33

Bird Keeper Cliff
Tranquill LV 32 x2

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER SKYLA (3v3)
Swoobat LV 33
Unfezant LV 33
Swanna LV 35

Beat her for the Jet Badge and TM62 (Acrobatics). The Unova teleport system gets updated again. The Tranquil back in Nuvema Town has also evolved into Unfezant and will now give you a Wacan Berry. Upon doing so, it turns into... a Staraptor? Umm, sure. Moving on, progress by going through Mistralton’s NE exit to Route 7.

--------
ROUTE 7:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Durant, Sewaddle, *Purrloin, Watchog, Litwick, Lampent, Blitzle, Volcarona, Chandelure. Level 26-29.

Once again, we have a big and complex route, so let's get to it.

Right at the beginning, there are two paths: the lower path leads you up to the plateau with two trainers.
Camper Terrance
Simisear LV 31

Youngster Parker
Palpitoad LV 29
Shelmet LV 29
Scolipede LV 29

Alternatively, you can go through the grass patch with two... items? Oh, wait, only the NE Pokeball icon is an item (a HP Up). The SW icon is a battle with wild Foongus. Well, its Pokedex entry DOES mention it looks similar to a Poke Ball...
Next on our route tour is a house. The man inside will trade your Emolga for his Boldore.

Continue east and north past three trainers.
Picnicker Ruth
Minccino LV 31

Camper Pat
Emolga LV 30
Sigilyph LV 30

Camper Ian
Tynamo LV 29
Ducklett LV 29
Tranquill LV 29

At the west side of this area are two items, a Max Ether and a Zinc.

Leave the route to the east for now, we'll come back to it. To the north, up next is a tower. Enter it.

-----------------
MISTRALTON TOWER:
-----------------
Wild Pokemon: The tower has five floors (1-4F and roof). Wild Pokemon only appear on floor 2-4 and the selection wildly differs.
2F: Litwick and Purrloin
3F: *Solosis, Elgyem, and Litwick
4F: *Golett, Litwick, Solosis, and Elgyem.

Levels are 26-29 for all three floors.

1F: Nothing special, continue to 2F.
2F: Three trainers, nothing else.
Lass Georgia
Swadloon LV 31

Pokem Maniac Jude
Emolga LV 30
Herdier LV 30

Psychic Doreen
Elgyem LV 30
Solosis LV 30
Sigilyph LV 30

3F: Five trainers. There's a Hyper Potion in the NE part of the floor.
Psychic Micki
Yamask LV 31
Golett LV 31     

Psychic Lin
Litwick LV 31
Swoobat LV 31

Psychic Belle
Musharna LV 32

Psychic Bryce
Duosion LV 32

Psychic Sachiko
Gothita LV 31
Alomomola LV 31

4F: Three trainers and four items!
Lass Kara
Deerling LV 30
Gothita LV 30

Cool Trainer Kassandra
Swoobat LV 32
Gothorita LV 32

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Ricky
Elgyem LV 33

All items are visible, they are: a Revive, a PP Up, a Spell Tag, and a HP Up.

Roof: There's a guy who will reward you with TM66 (Payback).

Back on Route 7, there's an item east from the road leading to the Mistralton Tower... nah, it's another Foongus. Another path east from the road leads through the grass to a trainer and another house.
Pokemon Ranger Pedro
Solosis LV 31
Axew LV 31

Continue east to a plateau with two trainers.
Pokemon Ranger Mary
Swadloon LV 30
Simipour LV 30
Tranquill LV 30

Youngster Mikey
Dwebble LV 30
Simisage LV 30

You can continue to the end and then go down to the west, or you can go down the stairs south. Do that first. There's a PP Up, and then you get into a separated part of Route 7 with the Clubsplosion building.

The wild Pokemon here are very different. People here will mention a tradition of using Fighting types, and it can be seen in the grass: *Sawk, *Throh, Scraggy, Gurdurr, Mienshao, *Timburr, *Mienfoo, Conkeldurr. Level 27-31.

The building itself has a PC (don't forget that storing a Pokemon in the PC, even just for a second, will fully heal it). Talk to the attendant to get taken into a room where you must beat three trainers to grab the prize at the end.
MINOR ICONIC SET
Biker Angus
Simisage LV 31

Crush Girl Betty
Simipour LV 31

Cool Trainer Montgomery
Throh LV 32

The prize is a set of Vitamins: HP Up, Protein, Iron, Calcium, Zinc, Carbos, and PP Max.

Return to the plateau and leave it through the eastern section. Two more trainers on this path.
Cool Trainer Elmer
Liepard LV 32
Swoobat LV 32
Watchog LV 32

Hiker Terrell
Boldore LV 34
Gurdurr LV 34

If you've done Clubsplosion, you can enter the cave.

---------------
TWIST MOUNTAIN:
---------------
Wild Pokemon: *Drilbur, Boldore, Gurdurr, Woobat, Cubchoo, Heatmor, Excadrill, Gigalith, Conkeldurr, Swoobat, Beartic, Volcarona.

This is a pretty complicated area, so make sure to follow my directions exactly. Right now you can access three floors (1F-3F), plus an outdoor area. All cave areas share the same wild Pokemon list.

3F: Go north and east. Exit the cave.

Outdoors: Go north. Fight a trainer and grab the TM77 (Hurricane) in the dead end.
Hiker Cairn
Excadrill LV 35

Go back south, past the entrance, and continue east past another trainer.
Hiker Darrell
Woobat LV 33
Gurdurr LV 33
Boldore LV 33

There's a cave entrance near you. Take it.

3F: Go south and east past the trainer.
Hiker Heath
Swoobat LV 35

Continue east and turn north when you can. Grab an Elixir and exit the cave.

Outdoors: Fight a trainer and grab a Dusk Stone in the dead end.
Cool Trainer Jordan
Krokorok LV 35
Klang LV 35
Palpitoad LV 35

Go back inside.

3F: Go south, east and north past a trainer.
Psychic Hank
Duosion LV 34
Musharna LV 34

Check the boulder in the NE corner for a Rare Candy. Exit to the west.

Outdoors: Go north past a trainer and enter the cave.
Crush Girl Sharon
Throh LV 36

3F: Go east and fight a trainer.
Hiker Rob
Boldore LV 33 x3

After, go east and check the boulder in the north alcove for a Hyper Potion. Go south, down the stairs, and exit the cave.

2F: Go south and grab a Protein. Go west and exit the cave.

Outdoors: Go west along the path. Grab a Full Heal, then fight a trainer.
Black Belt Teppei
Sawk LV 36

Enter the cave after that.

2F: Go west and take the second path north. When you get to a group of boulders, check the rock pile among them for a Revive. Continue north and grab a Metal Coat to the west. Go east and exit the cave.

Outdoors: There is a healer north from you. Go north. You'll get to a trainer and an Ultra Ball.
Hiker Brand
Boldore LV 34
Excadrill LV 34

There will be two cave entrances here, take the eastern one.

2F: Go north and east and fight a trainer.
Cool Trainer Caroll
Vanillish LV 35
Duosion LV 35
Gothorita LV 35

Continue east and grab an Ether. Go back west, then south and east. Exit the cave to the south to a tiny outdoors alcove. Grab the iron and go back inside. Now go north and enter the cave.

3F: Go north and grab a PP Up.
Do NOT take the western exit here, there is no point. Instead, go back south to 2F, then south-west-north-west-south through that area to end up in the area with two entrances. Now take the western one.

2F: Go north and east and check the second boulder you come to for a Stardust. Go back west, then north and enter the cave.

1F: Another TR encounter.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Woobat LV 34
Yamask LV 36

Go west past, down the stairs, then continue west and go up another stairs. The boulder here hides a Full Heal.
Go back east and take the path south. The first boulder (at the eastern wall) has a Stardust. Go south and west and grab a Revive. Fight a trainer and exit the cave.
MINOR ICONIC
Ruin Maniac Ferris
Drilbur LV 34

Outdoors: Now you are in the central area of the mountain. Go south and east and grab a Moon Stone. Go east, down the stairs to the south, and then down the stairs to the west to grab a Max Potion. You can't enter the cave here yet, but note the spot.
Return east and north. Go up the stairs to the east. The area south of you is where you'd end up if you took the exit I told you not to take. There's a bunch of boulders blocking your way. Check the SW one for a Stardust.
Go back down the stairs and north into a cave.
1F: Go north and take the path west to grab a Nugget. Return and continue north. The boulder adjacent to the north wall hides an Ultra Ball.
Go a bit south, then east to fight one last trainer.
Hiker Rich
Gurdurr LV 34
Boldore LV 34

And finally exit east, to Icirrus City.

-------------
ICIRRUS CITY:
-------------
Weather forecast: Sometimes rainy

First of all, go right to the big puddle. There's a Max Revive hidden in there. To find it, line yourself under the door to the house to the north, go two tiles into the puddle and check the tile to your right.

Further east is a trainer to fight.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Shamus
Emboar LV 35
Heatmor LV 35

Climb the stairs east from that house and cross the bridge to the east. Grab a PP Up there.

Go west to the Pokemon Centre and talk to the girl on the left to get a Black Belt.

Enter the cave at the western edge of the town. Kyurem is there -- I presume you know what to do. Kyurem weighs a lot, so Heavy Balls are preferred.

East from the cave is Pokemon Fan Club. Talk to the old man and answer "Yes" to his question to get another Exp. Share.

Enter the house NE from there and talk to the girl to get a Rage Candy Bar. Go west from there and enter the Gym.

The Gym has 6 normal trainers plus Brycen.
Crush Girl Miriam
Cryogonal LV 37

Black Belt Kendrew
Cubchoo LV 37

Black Belt Grant
Cubchoo LV 35 x2
Cryogonal LV 35

Crush Girl Mikiko
Cubchoo LV 36
Vanillish LV 36

Crush Girl Chandra
Vanillish LV 36 x2

Black Belt Thomas
Vanillish LV 36
Cubchoo LV 36

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER BRYCEN (3v3)
Vanillish LV 37
Beartic LV 39
Cryogonal LV 37

Beat him for the Freeze Badge and TM79 (Frost Breath). The Unova Teleport system gets updated again. Now go to the Pokemon Fan Club and talk to the woman next to the old man. She'll give you a Cleanse Tag.

Now leave the city to the north and go to Route 8.

--------
ROUTE 8:
--------
Weather forecast: Sometimes rainy
Wild Pokemon: *Ferroseed, *Tynamo, Gothita, Whimsicott, Lillipup, Zebstrika, Krokorok, Cottonee. Level 30-33.
Fishing (Old Rod): Frillish and *Tynamo.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna and *Tynamo.

This is an open Route. There are 5 trainers in total.
Aroma Lady Lumi
Alomomola LV 35

Pokemon Ranger Lewis
Cubchoo LV 34
Palpitoad LV 34
Maractus LV 34

MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Richard
Purrloin LV 36

MINOR ICONIC
Tamer Rizzo
Jellicent LV 35 x2

Aroma Lady Melita
Frillish LV 34
Ducklett LV 34

Fisherman Bruce
Basculin LV 34 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Jules
Krookodile LV 36

Pokemon Ranger Annie
Cinccino LV 36

There are also 5 items: a visible Poison Barb, Ultra Ball, and 2 Full Restores, and a Max Elixir hidden in a boulder NE from the sailor.

At this point, you can talk to the sailor and go to Virbank City. But before we do that, let's continue east to Route 9.

--------
ROUTE 9:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Ferroseed, Tynamo, Gothita, Cottonee, Whimsicott, Zebstrika, Krokorok. Level 30-33.

Another fairly open road divided into a safe northern part and a grassy southern part.
There's 7 trainers in total, all in the northern part (two guard the entrance to the southern part).
Biker Phillip
Krokorok LV 36
Scraggy LV 36

Biker Zeke
Pawniard LV 37

Cool Trainer Bert
Minccino LV 36
Liepard LV 36
Lampent LV 36

Lady Flo
Minccino LV 36
Stoutland LV 36
Lilligant LV 36

Biker Chance
Scraggy LV 37

Cue Ball Reese
Krokorok LV 36
Garbodor LV 36

Biker Cas
Scraggy LV 37 x2

Each part also has one visible and one hidden item.

In the northern part, the visible item is a Full Restore. To get the hidden item, some searching is needed. Find an L-shaped group of bushes in the western part of the Route. Stand east from the easternmost tree there, walk three tiles south and check the tile to the east for a Lemonade.

The visible item in the southern part (way west from where you enter this part) is a HP Up. To find the hidden item (a Max Ether), go to the middle of the three big grass patches there. Its northern edge has three connected grass tiles and one single one. Go to the middle of the three and search the tile south of you.

The path to the east is impassable for now, but you can enter the big building which is a... Shopping Mall? Sure, why not.

We've seen enough of these by now, so just quick notes: 2F has some basic Poke Mart items (healing/Poke Balls) 3F has a Move Tutor (Last Resort). 4F sells evolution stones (all except for Ice Stone) and 5F sells Vitamins and X- items. There's also a guy on 5F who will give you a Thunder Stone.

East of this is a green Poke Mart clone that sells you Gems. It has two clerks. The upper one sells:
Rock Gem - 200
Water Gem - 200
Electric Gem - 200
Grass Gem - 200
Poison Gem - 200
Psychic Gem - 200
Fire Gem - 200
Ground Gem - 200
Flying Gem - 200

The bottom one sells:
Bug Gem - 200
Normal Gem - 200
Ghost Gem - 200
Fighting Gem - 200
Steel Gem - 200
Ice Gem - 200
Dragon Gem - 200
Dark Gem - 200
Fairy Gem - 200

That's all for now. Return to the sailor on Route 8 and sail to Virbank City.

-------------
VIRBANK CITY:
-------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Frillish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Jellicent, Swanna, and Alomomola.

House next to a Gym has a guy who will trade your Koffing for his Gurdurr.

Go north. Next to the Pokemon Centre is a group of pots. The one in the centre has a Full Heal in it.

And there's also Meloetta. Talk to it and it will come with you.

With Meloetta in tow, you can enter the Gym. There is a Rare Candy hidden in the jug next to the gym. The Gym itself has just two trainers and Roxie.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Nicky (no known pokemon in anime)
Grimer LV 41
Koffing LV 41

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Billy Jo (no known pokemon in anime)
Venipede LV 41
Koffing LV 41

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER ROXIE (6v3)
Koffing LV 46
Garbodor LV 49
Scolipede LV 46

Beat Roxie for the Toxic Badge and TM34 (Sludge Wave).

When you leave the Gym, you'll meet Cynthia who invites you to Undella Town. The Unova teleport system gets updated. Which is a good thing since we have just gotten our 8th Unova Badge and that means we have unlocked some more stuff!

At this point, you can go and catch the 3 Musketeers - Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion.

Cobalion (LV 50): Go to Driftveil City and leave to the west to Route 6. Go past the first three bridges (sigh...) and then north and east past yet another bridge to a cave. Cobalion will be there.

Terrakion (LV 50): Go to Icirrus City and enter Twist Mountain again. Pass through the first passage and you'll be in the central area again. Go south, and then west, to the cave that was blocked by rocks. You'll end up in Twist Mountain 4F; this area has a Glacial Rock so you can evolve Eevee into Glaceon there. It has normal random encounters and Terrakion is here.

Virizion (LV 50): Go to Nacrene City and leave to the west to the Pinwheel Forest. Continue to the second area and go north along the road. Turn east. Grab a Big Root in the grass patch and continue east and north into the trees. You'll get to a glade where Virizion is.

Cobalion and Terrakion are heavy so Heavy Balls are preferable. Virizion is not heavy enough, but it's fast, so use Fast Balls for it.

When you're done, go to Nimbasa City. You can now leave through the NE exit.

---------
ROUTE 16:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Rattata, Foongus, Pidove, Onix, Magnemite, Blitzle, Gothita, Hydreigon. Level 31-35.

This is a short Route which is, once again, divided into the "road" part (south) with trainers and a grassy part (north).

The southern part has three trainers and one item (a HP Up).
Gentleman Daniel
Stoutland LV 39

Lass Krissa
Swanna LV 38
Liepard LV 38

Camper Peter
Scrafty LV 39

The Biker here is not a trainer -- he will give you a Charcoal instead.

The northern part has two trainers and two items (a Heal Ball and a Rare Candy).
Lass Lora
Leavanny LV 39

Camper Stephen
Excadrill LV 39

In the eastern part, where both paths merge, is one final trainer.
Biker Hector
Scolipede LV 38
Alolan Muk LV 38

After you go through this Route, you'll exit to Undella Town.

-------------
UNDELLA TOWN:
-------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Staryu and Krabby.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wailord, Beartic, and Dragonite.

There are three houses in the northern part of the town. The middle house has Leftovers while the right house has a guy who will trade his Munchlax for your Cinccino. It's a chance to get Munchlax/Snorlax if you didn't catch the one on Orange Islands.

The Girl by the Pokemon Centre is a Move Tutor for Relic Song. Inside, there will be a guy who will give you a Prism Scale.

Go to the NW corner of the town. Before entering Cynthia's Villa, stand east to the sign and go one tile east, two tiles north and check the bush east of you for a Big Nugget. Next, go to the bottom left corner of the courtyard and pick up the Reveal Glass. Now enter the villa -- this will update the Unova teleport system so that now you can teleport here. Go north, west, and north into a room where you can fight Dawn. 
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 48
Mamoswine LV 48
Pachirisu LV 46
Togekiss LV 48
Quilava LV 46
Buneary LV 48

There's also an old man who functions as a healer.

Once you beat Dawn, you can go to the Junior Cup in the SE corner of the town. There's a trainer guarding the path to the stadium as well.
MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Ridley
Golurk LV 40

Once at the Junior Cup, you need to fight four battles there, including Iris and Trip.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Marris
Karrablast LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Geraldo
Reuniclus LV 40

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Dragonite LV 40

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Trip
Serperior LV 41

Talk to Alder at the end -- he'll give you TM87 (Cross Poison).

Once you get out, you'll see that TR has overrun the town. They block all exits and even the Pokemon Centre teleport. (If you need to use the PC, there's one in the Junior Cup building). A new path opens east from the Junior Cup building; go through it to reach Undella Bay.

In the Bay, beat the seven TR trainers on the lower level.

TR Grunt Mark & Grunt Jon
Kricketune LV 40
Yanma LV 40
Rhydon LV 40
Muk LV 40

TR Grunt Kevin
Golem LV 40
Butterfree LV 40

TR Grunt Steve
Gastrodon LV 40
Garbodor LV 40

TR Grunt Jenna
Dusclops LV 40
Golbat LV 40

TR Grunt Liam
Magcargo LV 40
Breloom LV 40

TR Grunt Colton
Nidoking LV 40
Houndour LV 40

When you get up the stairs, you'll be thrown into another Jessie/James battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Woobat LV 41
Yamask LV 42

After beating them, continue north towards Giovanni and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rocket Boss Giovanni
Persian LV 50
Thundurus LV 45
Tornadus LV 45
Meloetta LV 45
Landorus LV 45

After the battle, you'll be transported back into town and the Bay won't be accessible anymore.

Meloetta is now blocking the northern exit from the town. Talk to it and take it with you. Go through the exit.

(At this point, the blocked eastern exit on Route 9 will open as well. However, both Route 9 and Route 12 lead to the same place: Opelucid City.)

---------
ROUTE 12:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Rufflet, *Vullaby, Amoonguss, Karrablast, Corphish, Buizel, Zweilous, Fraxure, Axew. Level 33-36.

This is another fairly open Route that includes 4 normal trainers and one pair of double trainers.

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Mona
Lilligant LV 41 (Lilligantette)

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Moira
Cinccino LV 41 (Cinccinoette)

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Cher
Roserade LV 41 (Roseradette)

Twins Fey & Sue
Swoobat LV 41 x2

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Chris
Cubchoo LV 41
Larvitar LV 41

Pokemon Breeder Ethel
Makuhita LV 41
Riolu LV 41
Tyrogue LV 41

Pokemon Ranger Davy
Stoutland LV 41
Darmanitan LV 41
Bisharp LV 41

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Ranger Virgil
Umbreon LV 40
Glaceon LV 40
Vaporeon LV 40
Eevee LV 40
Espeon LV 40
Leafeon LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Youngsters Soren & Rocko
Braviary LV 41
Buizel LV 41
Drilbur LV 41
Corphish LV 41

There are three items here, all visible: a Full Heal, a Max Repel, and a Max Revive.

When you're done here, exit west to Opelucid City.

--------------
OPELUCID CITY:
--------------
Outside the Pokémon Center is an Applin that’ll give you an Eject Button. Then, go south from the Pokemon Centre and down the stairs. There are two bushes to the east. Check the southern one for a Max Repel.

There is a trainer wandering around the street west of the Pokemon Centre.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Breeder Shannon
Zweilous LV 42
Hydreigon LV 43

Starting from the tile beneath the bottom right bush around the fountain, take 2 steps down, turn right and interact with the tile in front of you to find an Ultra Ball.

Enter the house north of the Pokemon Centre and talk to the guy there to get a Cell Battery.

Enter the house next to the Gym and talk to the guy there to get a Ring Target.

Enter the house next to the previous one and talk to the guy there to get a Float Stone.

In between these two houses is a Move Tutor for Dual Chop.

Go to the NE corner of the city. Fight Iris.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Axew LV 20
Excadrill LV 42
Dragonite LV 45
Emolga LV 40

You'll get TM82 (Dragon Tail) once you win. The Unova Teleport system gets updated.
Leave through the NE exit to Vetress City.

-------------
VETRESS CITY:
-------------
Wild Pokemon: Stoutland, Swoobat, Eevee, Trubbish, Mareep, Zebstrika, Blitzle, Cryogonal, Garbodor, Bouffalant. Level 35-39.

There are three shops in the area: Incenses, Drinks, and Berries. I wonder where Team Rocket’s shop is...

You've seen several Leagues by now, so you know how they work. Register, then start with the far left exit and move to the right after every win. You'll have to fight in five battles.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Trip (1v1)
Serperior LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Tamer Devin (2v2)
Seaking LV 45
Bagon LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Tamer Alex (2v2)
Torterra LV 45
Darumaka LV 45

ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Black Belt Stephan (3v3)
Liepard LV 47
Zebstrika LV 47
Sawk LV 49

ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Youngster Cameron (6v5)
Hydreigon LV 45
Swanna LV 45
Samurott LV 45
Ferrothorn LV 45
Lucario LV 47

All Pokémon in your party will have the Vetress Ribbon afterwards.

After you're done, go out. Cilan appears and fights you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cilan
Pansage LV 45
Stunfisk LV 42
Crustle LV 46

When you win, he will give you the Super Rod!

So, what's Super Rod for? In the locations you've seen so far, it won't actually help you all that much; usually, you'll be able to catch the same Pokemon you can get with Old Rod or Good Rod, except that they will be 10 levels higher.

Generally, if you're trying to catch a particular Pokemon, the Super Rod will improve your chances ONLY if you want to catch the "rarer" Pokemon with Old Rod. The most important example is probably Route 121 in Hoenn where Super Rod gives you a better chance to get a Luvdisc for potential Heart Scale farming.
In all other situations, however, a specific Pokemon is easier to catch with one of the other Rods.

The only exception from this general rule is Pallet Town, where you can get Horsea and Staryu with Super Rod, but none of the others.

Go to Nuvema Town and talk to Professor Juniper to start the N arc. Note that Vetress City will permanently close once you do that so if you want to do any shopping/levelling there, do it now.

After talking to Professor Juniper, go to Virbank City and take the newly opened western exit to Route 20.

---------
ROUTE 20:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Maractus, *Pawniard, Minccino, Sunflora, Shinx, Amoonguss. Level 36-40.
Fishing (Old Rod): Ducklett.
Fishing (Good Rod): Alomomola, Beartic, and Swanna.
Fishing (Super Rod): Seel, Ducklett, Beartic, and Swanna.

Right from the start, there's another TR battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Woobat LV 45
Frillish LV 46
Yamask LV 46
Amoonguss LV 47

Go down the stairs, fight a trainer on the ledge.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Rhoder
Haxorus LV 45

Go down some more stairs, fight another trainer.
Bug Catcher Doug
Beedrill LV 46
Paras LV 44
Yanmega LV 44
Armaldo LV 44
Galvantula LV 44
Kricketune LV 44

Go down the stairs, go south and grab a Full Heal. After that, go west and north along the path and fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Nanette
Tepig LV 44

Go up the stairs. Have a short dialogue with N, and then proceed. Continue north into the trees. There's Keldeo (LV 50) here -- catch it (Fast Balls are preferable).
Go back out. Go south into a grass patch; fight a trainer and grab a Sticky Barb there.
Hiker Jerome
Lucario LV 43
Dunsparce LV 43

Continue south and take a small winding path that ends in a Max Revive.

Cross one of the bridges west; this area has two trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Ranger Halsey
Watchog LV 43
Dewott LV 43
Frillish LV 43 x2

Pokemon Ranger Malory
Arcanine LV 43
Amoonguss LV 43
Leavanny LV 43

There are two items (a Rare Candy and a Heart Scale).

Continue west to Route 19.

---------
ROUTE 19:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Braviary, Swadloon, Maractus, Scolipede, Audino, Galvantula. Level 36-40.
Fishing (Old Rod): Ducklett.
Fishing (Good Rod): Alomomola, Beartic, and Swanna.
Fishing (Super Rod): Ducklett, Alomomola, Beartic, and Swanna.

From the start, go west and north. You can fight and catch Genesect here at LV 50. Despite Genesect being a steel type, it's not all that heavy, so Heavy Balls won't work. However, it is also a bug type, so Net Balls are recommended.

Then go back and continue west along the Route. There are three trainers and one item (an Expert Belt) on the way, all quite easy to see.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Ellie
Mareep LV 43 x5
Ampharos LV 43

Fisherman Sid
Barboach LV 42
Carvanha LV 42
Whiscash LV 42
Corphish LV 42

Cool Trainer Kip
Absol LV 43
Dodrio LV 43
Walrein LV 43

Cool Trainer Junko
Purugly LV 43
Espeon LV 43
Lapras LV 43

Exit south to Aspertia City.

--------------
ASPERTIA CITY:
--------------
The two day care people are near the exits, though without their usual house.

The northeastern house has a guy who will give you the Burn, Chill, Douse, and Shock Drives for Genesect if you talk to him with Genesect in slot one of your party.

South of the Pokemon Centre, behind some houses, is a Move Tutor for Secret Sword.

Nothing much here -- go to the Gym and fight Cheren.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cheren (1v1)
Herdier LV 46

He will give you TM49 (Thrash).

Beating Cheren will update the Unova Teleport system for the last time, and then the guy guarding the western exit steps aside, letting you go through the western exit. Go to the "White Ruins" and prepare to face down Team Plasma (who will be abbreviated TP from now on).

There are several grunts here.
TP Kenta
Liepard LV 45
Bisharp LV 45
Zangoose LV 45

MINOR ICONIC
TP Aldith
Liepard LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
TP Schwarz
Seviper LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
TP Weiss
Zangoose LV 46

TP Bill
Magnemite LV 45
Muk LV 45
Golbat LV 45

MINOR ICONIC
TP Barret
Magnezone LV 45
Liepard LV 45

Colress is there waiting for you at the top. Beat him to stop TP and save Reshiram.
ICONIC BATTLE
TP Colress
Galvantula LV 52
Conkeldurr LV 50
Beartic LV 52
Scolipede LV 50
Mienshao LV 51
Haxorus LV 51

Then you can fight Reshiram and capture it at LV 55. Reshiram is heavy, so use Heavy Balls.

After you exit the ruins, you'll be greeted by Alexa (no, not the AI), who will tell you about a new region that you should check out called Kalos. That's sound advice, but we still have some last minute things to do in Unova first; namely, catching Victini.

Head to Castelia City and exit north to Route 4. Go into the desert and make your way to the NE corner of this area. Victini will be there, our last Gen 5 Legendary at LV 50! Fast Balls are recommended.

And that's it for Unova! Go talk to Oak and you can also put the Kalos Cap on Pikachu from the right Cap Drawer in your room. Then it's back to Viridian City. Take the blimp to its new destination, Lumiose City!


---------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 6: THE KALOS REGION
---------------------------------------


-------------
LUMIOSE CITY:
-------------
While previous generations started us in a small backwater town, Kalos starts with a bang. Lumiose City is the big city place analogical to Celadon or Goldenrod, and, of course, it has a lot of places to visit, even though you are limited (for now) to its southern half.

It's also very round.

Let's start in the SW part. There's the lab of Professor Sycamore. It has the inter-regional teleport so you can quickly go anywhere else.

The house NW from the Lab contains TM92 (Trick Room).

Directly east from this house, across the street, is a store. It has an Incense shop and a Vitamin shop.

Outside the store is a Fletchling that’ll give you a Maranga Berry.

Go to the Gym (it's the tall building in the middle of the city that looks nothing like Gyms in the other regions). Talk to Clemont and Bonnie in front of the Gym and fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Bunnelby LV 5

Then go to the lab and talk to Professor Sycamore. He tells you about a missing Froakie that’s lost in the city. Go back to the gym, head west and pass behind the tall house to a ICONIC LV 5 Froakie. It may not look like it, but this one is special - like Ash’s one in the anime.

Go back to Professor Sycamore to get a Mega Ring. We're now capable of performing Mega Evolution! If we can get the relevant items, that is.

There will be a Poke Ball on the table that contains the second Kalos starter, Fennekin. Grab it.

The southern exit from the city was blocked by a fight, but after you obtain Mega Ring AND talk to Clemont, it will clear. Go south. You end up in a gate building (how long has it been since we've actually been one of these?). Continue south to Route 4.

--------
ROUTE 4:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Fletchling, *Bunnelby, *Inkay, *Dedenne, Rhyhorn, Venipede, Pidgey, Oddish, Volbeat, Illumise. Level 3-5.

In the official games, you need to hold your DS upside down in order to evolve Inkay. Here, you don't have to worry about it -- just raise it to level 30 and it will evolve.

The north part of the Route has two trainers.
Camper Wheaton
Corphish LV 7

MINOR ICONIC
Pokemon Breeder Jessica
Furfrou LV 7

After that, you may explore the regions to the east and west. Both sides have one Super Potion, and a total of three trainers. One on the west, and two on the east.
Camper Fabian (west)
Corphish LV 7

Camper Grover (east)
Corphish LV 7

MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Ian (east)
Rhyhorn LV 7

Continue south to the central square. There are 3 trainers nearby and one woman who gives you a Poison Barb.
Youngster Adrian
Magikarp LV 9

Picnicker Calida
Fletchling LV 7

Poke Maniac Gabe
Pichu LV 5
Pikachu LV 7

Continue south, past the final two trainers.
Lass Mia
Budew LV 7

Camper Roland
Pidgey LV 7

At this point, you can once again go to maze-like sections in the east and west. West has a Net Ball in the grass and an ICONIC LV 6 Fletchling while east has a Repel in the open and some Honey in the grass.

That's all here, continue south to Santalune City.

---------------
SANTALUNE CITY:
---------------
There is a small plateau with an inaccessible house on the western side. Check the second tile from the right under the house for a Super Potion.

The house in the NE corner is a school. Talk to the rightmost child to get an X Defense.

The house in the SW corner has a guy who will trade his Farfetch'd for your Bunnelby. There is a hidden X Attack in the top right corner of the flower patch next to that row of houses.

Meet Serena in front of the gym and fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Serena
Fennekin LV 10

Then enter the Gym. It has three paths; the right path leads to Viola while the other two lead to normal trainers.
Bug Catcher David
Ledyba LV 10
Kakuna LV 7

Bug Catcher Zachary
Spewpa LV 10
Combee LV 9

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER VIOLA (2v2)
Surskit LV 10
Vivillon LV 12

Beat Viola for the Bug Badge and TM113 (Megahorn).

The Kalos Teleport system now starts working. Go back to Lumiose City. Professor Sycamore's Lab will now have a Gift Chespin for you to take. Talk to Clemont in front of the Gym again for another battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Bunnelby LV 10
Heliolisk LV 10
Dedenne LV 6
Magnemite LV 7
Magneton LV 8

Go south to the Lumiose Gate. This time, you can take the western path from there to Route 5.

--------
ROUTE 5:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Pumpkaboo, *Pancham, *Espurr, Riolu, Pangoro, Cubone, *Scatterbug. Level 9-11.

First of all, you'll be thrown into another TR battle.
TR's Jessie & James
Inkay LV 12
Wobbuffet LV 43
Pumpkaboo LV 12

Then continue west. Hug the north edge of the area -- the second tile from the left has a hidden Full Heal. Fight a trainer and continue up the stairs.
MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Dolan
Diggersby LV 13

There's two Super Potions in this area, one in the NW corner and the other in the SE corner.

Continue west and north past another trainer.
Picnicker Winnie
Bunnelby LV 9
Skiddo LV 11

Then proceed west past a pair of double trainers.
Twins Faith & Joy
Plusle LV 11
Minun LV 11

South and west past two more trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Lyn
Pichu LV 12

Youngster Anthony
Carvanha LV 10
Pancham LV 10

Go south and east past ledges and another trainer for a Sharp Beak.
MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Wylie
Delphox LV 13

Return past those two trainers you beat before, go up the stairs and face another two trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Black Belt Sanpei
Frogadier LV 14

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Penelope
Sylveon LV 13

Pick up another Super Potion and then an X Attack in the SE corner of the area. Go down the stairs, fight another trainer, and continue west to Camphrier Town.
Camper Florin
Doduo LV 12

---------------
CAMPHRIER TOWN:
---------------
The guy next to the Pokemon Centre will give you an Ultra Ball.

Pokemon Centre has a Name Rater.

The upstairs of house slightly NE of Snorlax has a Nugget hidden under the table next to the wall.

There is some Berry Juice in the SW corner of the town (you have to jump a ledge to get there).

Go south to a glade with a Full Heal.

Enter the mansion at the northern end of the town and walk through it to Route 6.

--------
ROUTE 6:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Fletchling, Marill, Hoppip, *Whismur, Smeargle, Skitty. Level 10-12.

Yep, after the two locations with Loudred way back, we finally have a spot for Whismur, if you waited for it...

This Route has a bit of an unusual layout: it has a central path and two side areas, on the eastern and western side. But the side areas can't be accessed from the Route itself.

Start by going north along the main path, fighting two trainers along the way.
Lady Erika
Zigzagoon LV 11
Gulpin LV 11
Ralts LV 11

Lady Hiroko
Pikachu LV 11
Psyduck LV 11
Pidgey LV 11

Eventually, you'll come to Parfum Palace. At this point, you can go east or west and go back on Route 6 to fight Wild Pokemon and explore the side areas.

The side areas are formed by a sequence of "rooms" separated by one-way ledges.

Western area:
First room -- a trainer and an item (an X Speed).
Beauty Brigitte
Espurr LV 12
Butterfree LV 12

Second room -- a Full Heal north in the grass.
Third room -- a trainer and an item (an Ultra Ball).
Hiker Jerome
Fletchling LV 14

Fourth room -- a trainer, a pair of double trainers, and two items (an Awakening and an Antidote).
Youngster Ti
Venipede LV 12
Scraggy LV 12

Cool Couple Jan & Erin
Furfrou LV 14 x2

Eastern area:
First room -- a trainer and an item (a Tiny Mushroom).
Hiker Roderick
Bunnelby LV 14

Second room -- a trainer and an item (an X Special).
Beauty Mari
Illumise LV 14

Third room -- a trainer and an item (an Antidote).
Youngster Jacob
Croagunk LV 11
Beedrill LV 13

Fourth room -- a trainer and an item (a Super Repel).
Camper Takemi
Volbeat LV 14

One of the people outside the Parfum Palace is a Move Tutor for Uproar. 

In the Parfum Palace area, grab an Amulet Coin next to the palace and enter.
The western wing of the palace has a healer. The eastern wing has Allie, "The Princess".
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Allie
Furfrou LV 15

Beat her and you'll get the Poke Flute. This updates the Kalos teleport system. With the Poke Flute, you can now fight the Snorlax who blocks western exit from Camphrier Town (note that this Snorlax, like all wild Snorlax, has Leftovers, so you might want to steal that). Afterwards, continue west to Route 7.

--------
ROUTE 7:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Spritzee, *Swirlix, Kecleon, Malamar, Onix, Furret. Level 13-14.
Fishing (Old Rod): Ducklett.
Fishing (Good Rod): Gulpin and Psyduck.
Fishing (Super Rod): Bibarel, Ducklett, and Mantine.

Note that to evolve Spritzee and Swirlix, you need to make them hold Sachet and Whipped Dream, respectively -- they can be bought in Slateport City MARKET.

Right at the beginning of the Route, there's the Kalos branch of Day Care. Continue west, grab a Heal Ball, and fight a trainer.
Painter Georgia
Smeargle LV 16 x2

Further west is Battle Chateau, guarded by two trainers, who can be fought as a double battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Chester
Fletchling LV 16
Youngster Nico
Fletchinder LV 16

The Chateau itself is closed, but you can talk to the guard at the entrance to get a Silver Powder. Go south past the stairs, and then west to get a PP Up. Go back to the stairs, up, and west past the final trainer.
Painter Mona
Smeargle LV 16 x2

Continue west to Route 8.

--------
ROUTE 8:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Spritzee, Swirlix, Kecleon, Meowstic, Malamar. Level 14-15.
Fishing (Old Rod): Shellder and Finneon.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Clauncher, *Skrelp, and Corsola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Dragalge, Stunfisk, Starmie, Mantine, and Sharpedo.

Go down the stairs to the west and grab a Heart Scale to the south.

Go north and west and jump the ledge to the south. Go south and east. In the rock corner is a hidden Super Potion.

Jump the ledge south and grab a Water Stone there.

Make your way to SE, jumping more ledges. Then jump to the west. The corner directly west of the southeasternmost corner of the beach has a hidden Heart Scale. Continue west and find a trainer.
Swimmer Rhys
Pancham LV 15
Goldeen LV 17
Skiddo LV 16

Next corner of the beach (in the southwest) has another hidden Heart Scale.

Continue north past a trainer and grab a Pearl.
Swimmer Genevieve
Wingull LV 19
Psyduck LV 21
Tentacool LV 15 x3

Jump the ledge and go up the stairs to get to the top of the ledges again. This time, go west and jump two ledges south. Grab a HP Up there. Jump another ledge and fight a trainer.
Lass Paulette
Axew LV 19
Mantyke LV 19 (Shiny)
Jumpluff LV 19

Make your way down to the beach and around to where you were before. This time, instead of jumping the ledge, continue north.

Once you pass through a narrow corridor between rock and sea, go east, fight a trainer, and grab a Leaf Stone.
Black Belt Cadoc
Skiploom LV 19
Swoobat LV 19
Machop LV 20

Go west and fight the final trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Fisherman Rodman
Clauncher LV 21

Continue north to Cyllage City.

-------------
CYLLAGE CITY:
-------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Shellder and Finneon.
Fishing (Good Rod): Clauncher, Skrelp, and Corsola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Dragalge, Stunfisk, Starmie, Mantine, and Sharpedo.

Fishing encounters here are identical to Route 8.

Go up the stairs and to the house on your left. Talk to the two guys here to get Amaura and Tyrunt.

The guy in the house next to the Pokemon Centre will give you a Destiny Knot. The house east from Pokemon Centre has a Groomer.

There's a Game Corner in the NE corner. It has the following Pokemon:
Inkay - 180 coins
*Furfrou - 500 coins
*Goomy - 2800 coins
*Honedge - 5500 coins
*Carbink - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Grassy Seed - 100 coins
Misty Seed - 100 coins
Electric Seed - 100 coins
Psychic Seed - 100 coins
Master Ball - 9999 coins

Note that there will be a gift Goomy later.

The long, winding path in the eastern part of the city has a girl who will give you a Lava Cookie, as well as a Move Tutor for Ominous Wind.

Go to the SE part and enter the cave where the Gym is. It has 4 normal trainers plus Grant.
Crush Girl Didier
Dwebble LV 21
Relicanth LV 23

Crush Girl Manon
Solrock LV 22
Lunatone LV 22

Hiker Bernard
Rhydon LV 21
Nosepass LV 21
Onix LV 21

Hiker Craig
Roggenrola LV 24

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER GRANT (6v2)
Onix LV 25
Tyrunt LV 25

Beat him for the Cliff Badge and TM118 (Rollout). The Kalos Teleport system gets updated.

Exit Cyllage City through the NW exit.

---------
ROUTE 10:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Ralts, Swirlix, Bellossom, Medicham, Kirlia, Audino, Lilligant, Smeargle, Gulpin. Level 19-21.
Fishing (Old Rod): Ducklett and Psyduck.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Binacle, Marill, and Corsola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Swanna, Bibarel, Simipour, Mantine, and Sharpedo.

Go north to the first grass patch. Search the empty tile in the SW corner of the grass patch for a Burn Heal. Talk to Diantha and fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Champion Diantha
Gardevoir LV 25 (Mega)

You'll get a Gardevoirite. These "Pokemonite" stones can be used to Mega Evolve, so right now you can Mega Evolve a Gardevoir if you have one.

Continue north, make sure to beat the trainer outside the fences.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Grey
Flabebe LV 21

Before entering the fenced area, go west and search the last tile in the dead end to find a Revive.

Enter the fenced area (you need to defeat Diantha first, otherwise a pair of Slowpoke bars your way). In the first area, there are two trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Breeder Miette
Slurpuff LV 22

MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Myron
Pancham LV 21

At the end of the area, you'll meet Korrina. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Korrina
Lucario LV 27

The second area has two trainers and an item (a Thunder Stone).
Pokemon Breeder Tomoko
Bibarel LV 19
Pachirisu LV 19
Hippopotas LV 19

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Magnus
Absol LV 24

The third area has one trainer and two items (an X Accuracy and a Kangaskhanite). 
Psychic Robert
Solosis LV 22

Continue north to Geosenge Town.

--------------
GEOSENGE TOWN:
--------------
Go west and grab a Soft Sand.

Visit the Pokemon Centre and talk to a guy there to get an Everstone.

Enter the house NW from Pokemon Centre and talk to Gurkinn there to get a Blazikenite and a Heracronite.

North of that, you'll find a Move Tutor for Mud Slap.

Go west and then north, hugging the western wall, until you get to a dead end with a Timer Ball.

Go east from the town sign and talk to a woman for a Gengarite.

Go between the three big rocks and grab the TM60 (Close Combat) there.

Continue east to Route 11.

---------
ROUTE 11:
---------
Wild Pokemon: *Hawlucha, Furfrou, Bonsly, Ursaring, Pidgeotto, Machamp, Trevenant, Sudowoodo, Pachirisu, Machamp. Level 21-25.

Trevenant is an evolution of Phantump -- you'll be able to catch that later.

Right at the beginning, you have to fight Serena.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Serena
Fennekin LV 25

Then continue east and up the stairs.
Fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Channeler Mabel
Mawile LV 25 (Mega)

After this, grab the ICONIC LV 23 Hawlucha. Then go up the stairs.

In this area, ignore the next set of stairs. Instead, go north and west for a trainer and a Super Potion.
Psychic Emanuel
Solosis LV 24
Sigilyph LV 24

Then go down the stairs to the west and grab a Hyper Potion.

Return to the stairs you ignored before and go up. Fight two trainers there in a double battle.
Black Belt Sly & Psychic Frank
Machoke LV 28
Mr. Mime LV 26 

Then one last trainer in front of the cave.
Bird Keeper Kirby
Emolga LV 23
Zubat LV 23
Staravia LV 24

Enter the cave.

----------------
REFLECTION CAVE:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Bonsly, Trevenant, *Noibat, Ursaring, Sudowoodo, Amoonguss. Level 21-23.

Go north past a trainer and grab a Nest Ball.
Hiker Lane
Linoone LV 26

Continue east to the the crossroad. Go north to battle another trainer and grab a Moon Stone.
Picnicker Monami
Nidorina LV 26

Return to the crossroad and go south past two trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Super Nerd Trevor
Charmander LV 26

ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Shauna
Bulbasaur LV 24
Gothita LV 22
Flabebe LV 24
Swirlix LV 22

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tierno
Squirtle LV 26

At the next crossroad, go west and south to find Xerneas (LV 30). Catch it. Heavy Balls are preferred.

Return to the crossroad and go south to grab a Sablenite.

Head back north and east past two trainers.
Crush Girl Hedvig
Throh LV 25
Hawlucha LV 26

Black Belt Igor
Sawk LV 28

Then go north past three more trainers to another crossroad, including an optional double battle.
Cool Girl Monique
Doduo LV 24
Helioptile LV 25
Granbull LV 24

Camper Yuu
Combee LV 26

Picnicker Ami
Vespiquen LV 26

Grab an Iron on this crossroad. Go west and fight a trainer.
Hiker Dunstan
Sandile LV 22
Diggersby LV 24
Dwebble LV 23

Then go south for a Black Belt. Be careful not to fall from the ledge!
Return to the crossroad and go east, past the final trainer.
Cool Trainer Emil
Absol LV 26
Pinsir LV 25 (Mega)

Exit the cave to Shalour City.

-------------
SHALOUR CITY:
-------------
There are two houses west of the Pokemon Centre. The left one has a guy who will give you an Eviolite.

There's TM103 (Eerie Impulse) in the NE corner of the city, as well as a Koffing that’ll give you a Poison Gem. The guy in the nearby house will give you TM56 (Outrage).

South from that house, down the stairs, is a Move Tutor for Knock Off.

The guy east from the beach will give you a Sun Stone.

The beach has four hidden Stardusts. Follow these directions exactly:
1. Start at the eastern stairs, northernmost tile.
2. Go six steps west and check the tile in front of you for the first Stardust.
3. Go three steps south and check the tile east of you for the second Stardust.
4. Go three steps west and check the tile in front of you for the third Stardust.
5. Go six steps west and check the tile north of you for the fourth Stardust.

Finally, enter the Gym. This Gym is a tower, so it's built vertically:

1F: Battle against TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Inkay LV 28
Pumpkaboo LV 29
Wobbuffet LV 44

2F: A trainer.
Black Belt Shun
Pancham LV 27
Machoke LV 27
Throh LV 27

3F: Two trainers.
Black Belt Dash
Heracross LV 30

Crush Girl Rolanda
Sawk LV 27
Hariyama LV 29

4F: A trainer.
Crush Girl Kate
Meditite LV 28
Mienfoo LV 28

5F: Korrina.
GYM BATTLE KORRINA (3v3)
Mienfoo LV 29
Machoke LV 28
Lucario LV 32 (Mega)

Beat her for the Rumble Badge, TM114 (Aura Sphere), and a Lucarionite.

Once you beat Korrina, the Kalos Teleport System updates again. Additionally, the Croagunk who blocked the house east from the Pokemon Centre moves and lets you enter. The old lady inside will give you a Venusaurite, a Charizardite Y, and a Blastoisinite.

Now leave through the east exit (it only opens after you beat Korrina) to Route 12.

---------
ROUTE 12:
---------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokemon: Pancham, Luxio, *Skiddo, *Flabebe, Magnemite, Flaaffy, Golbat, Gogoat, Spritzee, *Vanillite, Salamence, Goomy (rare). Level 23-27.
Fishing (Old Rod): Bidoof and Marill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Lotad, and Lombre.
Fishing (Super Rod): Lapras, Simipour, and Lombre.

Go east and south, fighting a trainer at the very start of the route.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Nini
Smoochum LV 26
Farfetch'd LV 26

Continuing on, you'll find an ICONIC LV 30 Goomy who wants to go with you. And it's a good thing too, because otherwise they have an abysmal 1% encounter rate on this route! You know what they say: Don't look a gift Goomy in the mouth... Because it's sticky and gross. Or something like that.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Evolving the Goomy line has changed in more recent Fire Ash versions. Goomy still evolves into Sliggoo at LV 38 (same as in the main series games), but Sliggoo evolves into Goodra by levelling up knowing Rain Dance, so don't toss that move aside as useless (yet. lol).
Go south from there and fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Saizo
Barbaracle LV 28

Continue south and west to find an Altarianite. Go east and grab some Leftovers from the next grass patch. Go east past two trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Carl
Snubbull LV 27
Hawlucha LV 27 (Shiny) (Dark Hawlucha)
Gallade LV 27

MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Pierre
Klefki lV 28

Then north past two more, in an optional double battle.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Heath
Meowstic LV 28

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Blake
Meowstic LV 28

Go up the stairs, and you'll end up on a small plateau. Go down the stairs to the west for a trainer and a Shiny Stone.
Swimmer Alessandro
Qwilfish LV 29
Binacle LV 27

Plus, there's also a Water Stone here, hidden in the NW corner of this mini-beach.

Go back on the plateau and down the stairs to the east. Fight the last trainer and continue east to Coumarine City.
Fisherman Murray
Magikarp LV 24 x6

---------------
COUMARINE CITY:
---------------
Weather Forecast: Often Sunny
Fishing (Old Rod): Bidoof and Marill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Lotad, and Lombre.
Fishing (Super Rod): Lapras, Simipour, and Lombre.

Fishing is the same as on Route 12.

This city has two parts, northern and southern. We'll start with the northern part.

Go east until you can turn north. Follow the path north and west. Go to the SW corner there. Then check the tile to your north for an Elixir.

There's a house nearby with a Lucky Egg inside.

Go west and talk to the guy on the cliff. He will give you a Silk Scarf.

Now go back south to the waterfront and then east. Enter the house. The guy on the left will give you a Lopunnite. Talk to the guy on top to go to the southern part of the city. Talk to the guy on the right here for a Metronome.

Go out. You're right next to the Pokemon Centre. Talk to the guy there to get a Mawilite. Go out and a bit west. There is a Max Repel hidden two tiles north from the town sign.

Go south and talk to the sailor for a Swampertite. Further south are two houses. The left one is empty, but the right one contains an Incense vendor.

Even further south is a guy who will give you a Black Sludge.

The path to the Gym is blocked by Clemont. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Bunnelby LV 32
Luxio LV 32
Dedenne LV 25
Chespin LV 30

Then go inside the tree... Gym... whatever, they’re the same thing.

There are four trainers plus Ramos.
Pokemon Ranger Chaise
Simisage LV 32

Pokemon Ranger Maurice
Ferroseed LV 29
Lombre LV 29
Carnivine LV 29

Pokemon Ranger Brooke
Roselia LV 30
Wormadam LV 30

Pokemon Ranger Twiggy
Gloom LV 29
Exeggutor LV 31

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER RAMOS (3v3)
Jumpluff LV 30
Weepinbell LV 31
Gogoat LV 34

Beat him for the Plant Badge and TM116 (Petal Dance).

There's another Kalos Teleport System update, but more importantly, new stuff in Lumiose City! Don't teleport there, though -- we'll take the scenic route, Route 13 to be precise. Go south from Coumarine City...

---------
ROUTE 13:
---------
Weather Forecast: Sandstorm
Wild Pokemon: *Helioptile, Spoink, Magnezone, Grumpig, Electrike, Stunfisk, Diggersby, Plusle, Minun. Level 26-28.

Note that this route has a magnetic field -- Magneton and Nosepass will evolve if you level them up here.

This Route has several trainers.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tierno
Wartortle LV 30
Politoed LV 29
Raichu LV 29
Ludicolo LV 29
Hitmontop LV 29

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Aria (the Kalos Queen)
Delphox LV 31
Aromatisse LV 31

MINOR ICONIC
Lass Beatrice
Bidoof LV 32

MINOR ICONIC
Scientist Belmondo
Magneton LV 30
Magnezone LV 30

MINOR ICONIC
Scientist White
Wobbuffet LV 30
Wynaut LV 30 x3

There are a lot of items, both visible and hidden. Follow this path:
1. Go south, down the stairs, and west to get a Nest Ball.
2. Go south, and then west and north around the 2 vertical rocks. Line yourself on the west side of the top rock (of the 2 vertical rocks). Go five steps west and check the tile in front of you for an X Accuracy.
3. Go south from there and grab the visible Smooth Rock.
4. From the tile where the Smooth Rock was, go five steps east and check the tile south of you for a Rare Candy.
5. Continue east. You will pass between two rocks. Line yourself east from the bottom rock and check the tile to your east for a Fire Stone.
6. Go north and east and grab the visible Aggronite.
7. Go south. Pass between the two rocks, then turn east. In the corner of the area is a hidden Heat Rock.
8. Go south, then west. Turn south after the second rock -- there are three rocks in an almost vertical line. Line yourself on the west side of the middle rock, walk two steps west and check the tile in front of you for a Star Piece.
9. Continue all the way west and grab a visible Sun Stone.
10. Continue even further west and grab a Steelixite.
11. Go south, east, and south. You'll reach the exit that leads back to Lumiose City. But we are not done yet. Continue east, go around the rock in your way, and grab a Tyranitarite.
12. Continue east to the very SE corner of this route. One tile west and two tiles north from the corner is the last item here, a hidden PP Up.

That's it, now exit to Lumiose City!

-------------
LUMIOSE CITY:
-------------
The northern half of the city is now open for exploration. Important things:
1. The first house you come across as soon as you enter the city. The guy there will give you a Galladite.
2. Then go to the house east of there. Talk to the clerk there to get a Quick Claw.
3. The guy at the west side of the gym will give you a Wide Lens.
4. Go back and continue north from there along the street. The first guy you'll see will give you a Zoom Lens when you talk to him.
5. A Furfrou in an alley east of him will give you a Cell Battery.
6. Continue NE and east along the street. Eventually you'll meet the third lens brother who will reward you with a Scope Lens.
7. East from there is Lysandre Café. Talk to the lady in the middle to get a Gyaradosite.
8. Continue along the circular street until you get to the middle of the city again. There's a Poke Ball shop. On 2F, there are two clerks that sell all the various Balls from previous shops if you need a refill.

The Fletchling that gave us a Maranga Berry before has now evolved to give a Coba Berry.

Now let's hit the Gym. This Gym is the type with multiple paths. There are five elevators. The second one from the left leads to Clemont, the four others lead to one trainer each.
Cool Trainer Mathis
Lanturn LV 34
Electrode LV 34
Ampharos LV 34

Cool Trainer Rico
Raichu LV 33
Magneton LV 33
Manectric LV 33 (Mega)

Cool Trainer Maxim
Minun LV 32
Pikachu LV 32
Plusle LV 32

Cool Trainer Amo
Pachirisu LV 32
Stunfisk LV 32
Dedenne LV 32

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER CLEMONT (3v3)
Bunnelby LV 35
Luxray LV 37
Heliolisk LV 37

Beat Clemont for the Voltage Badge and TM115 (Shock Wave). No Kalos Teleport System update here though, since we could already teleport here.

Go to the lab and talk to Professor Sycamore. He will give you a Garchompite. Also, there's a guy north of the Gym (Clemont's father) who will give you an Ampharosite now that you've beat Clemont.

The path east is still closed, so leave north to Route 14.

---------
ROUTE 14:
---------
Weather forecast: Occasionally rainy
Wild Pokemon: Floette, Carbink, Pinsir, Wooper, Lotad, Florges, Yanmega, Pangoro, Beedrill, Seviper, Ariados, Gulpin. Level 30-32.

Once you enter, you'll see Keanan who works as a Day Care man. Go to the NW corner of this area. Two tiles to the east and one tile to the south is a hidden Super Potion.

Go north and fight Serena.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Serena
Braixen LV 35
Pancham LV 35

Then go east through the grass patch. There's an empty spot there in the shape of T-tetromino. A Revive is hidden in the centre of the T.

Go north. Ignore the path west for now and continue north to grab a Damp Rock. Return and take the path west. The puddle there has a trainer and a Rare Candy.
Pokemon Ranger Melina
Arbok LV 33
Pyroar LV 35

Go north, then east and fight another trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Reed
Poliwhirl LV 35
Fraxure LV 34
Loudred LV 32

Continue north, through the big puddle. There are two trainers.
Pokemon Ranger Imogen
Floette LV 31
Slurpuff LV 33

Channeler Anina
Litwick LV 32
Haunter LV 32

The latter one guards the exit from the route -- but we're not done yet. Go west and south for the last trainer on this Route and a Banettite.
Pokemon Ranger Nash
Goomy LV 36

Return to the exit and go east. You'll find a small path to the south that has a Cleanse Tag.

Now you can exit to the north to Laverre City.

-------------
LAVERRE CITY:
-------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Psyduck and Marill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Ducklett, and Goomy.
Fishing (Super Rod): Basculin, Binacle, Poliwhirl, and Goomy.

The first house you come to has a guy who will give you a Medichamite. The guy east from the Pokemon Center will give you a Poke Doll. Between them is a shop for buying scarfs.
Blue Scarf - 100
Green Scarf - 100
Pink Scarf - 100
Red Scarf - 100
Yellow Scarf - 100
Silk Scarf - 1100

Go north up the path, then west and south to grab an Ether.

SE from the Gym is a house with a Move Tutor for Air Cutter.

North of this house are some purple flowers. The NE one hides a Leaf Stone.

A guy named Sawyer blocks the way to the Gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer (Double Battle)
Treecko LV 35
Bagon LV 33

Fight him, but we'll finish with the town before doing the Gym itself.

Go to the NE corner of the town where you'll find another Pokemon Fan Club. Talk to the old man and answer "Yes" to his question to receive a Sacred Ash.

Finally, there are some bushes west of the Poke Ball Factory (the big building in the north). Search the second bush from the bottom to the left to find an Ultra Ball. Probably a stash of a dishonest employee...
Enter the building, and what do you know: another TR battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Inkay LV 36
Pumpkaboo LV 38
Wobbuffet LV 45

After the battle, you'll end up outside. Talk to the guard who now blocks the building and you'll get another Master Ball.

Now hit the Gym. This is the kind with a teleport maze, similar to Saffron City back in Kanto. If we mark the rooms like this:

1|2|3
-+--+-
4|5|6

Each room apart from 5 (entrance) and 2 (Valerie) has 4 teleports and a trainer. The connections are:

1NW <-> 4NW
1NE <-> 6NW
1SW <-> 3SE
1SE <-> 4SW
2 <-> 3SW
3NW <-> 6NE
3NE <-> 4SE
4NE <-> 6SW
5 <-> 6SE

So, from the entrance, you can get to room 6, and from there you can reach rooms 1, 3, and 4. To reach room 2 where Valerie is, teleport to room 3 through NE teleport and then through SW teleport there to room 2.

The Trainers in each room are as follows:
Room 1: Beauty Blossom
Klefki LV 33
Granbull LV 33
Kirlia LV 33

ICONIC BATTLE
Room 2: GYM LEADER VALERIE (2v2)
Spritzee LV 39
Sylveon LV 42

Room 3: Beauty Katherine
Slurpuff LV 36

Room 4: Beauty Kali
Dedenne LV 34
Azumarill LV 34

Room 5: Entrance

Room 6: Beauty Linnea
Aromatisse LV 35

When you beat Valerie, you will get the Fairy Badge and TM117 (Moonblast). The Kalos Teleport System gets updated.

Go to the Pokemon Fan Club and get a Beedrillite from the girl at the top of the table.

Once you do both Gym and the Poke Ball Factory battle, the path to the east will open. Well, after you beat Sawyer again, that is.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer
Bagon LV 36
Slurpuff LV 34
Grovyle LV 37

Then you can exit east to Route 15.

---------
ROUTE 15:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Honedge, Skorupi, Watchog, Liepard, Foongus, Pawniard, *Klefki
Fishing (Old Rod): Poliwag and Seel.
Fishing (Good Rod): Binacle, Lombre, and Seel.
Fishing (Super Rod): Floatzel, Seel, and Basculin.

Take the first path south. At its end is a free ICONIC Noibat egg.

Return to the main path and continue east. There will be a trainer here.
MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Ornithol
Noctowl LV 36

Go east, down the ledge, and grab a Macho Brace. Then go south and west for another trainer.
Lass Mahalyn
Dedenne LV 33
Aromatisse LV 35

Continue south into a grass patch. There's a trainer there.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Frank
Pikachu LV 35 x6

In the southern part is a two-tile "dent" in the patch; a HP Up is hidden in its north tile.

Continue east along the road across the bridge. In the next area are 3 trainers and a Protein.
Channeler Rune & Lass Rime
Banette LV 36 (Mega)
Floette LV 36

MINOR ICONIC
Bird Keeper Orson
Starly LV 35
Staravia LV 35
Staraptor LV 35

Go southwest into the grass along the river to pick up another PP Up.

After the next bridge there's another item (a Dire Hit) and two trainers plus on the road leading to exit.
Channeler Luna
Chimecho LV 36

Pokemon Ranger Keith
Gabite LV 37

Right before the exit, there are twins who are not trainers -- one will give you a Sharpedonite, the other a Cameruptite. Exit east to Dendemille Town.

----------------
DENDEMILLE TOWN:
----------------
Weather Forecast:  Occasionally Snowy
Fishing (Old Rod): Frillish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Jellicent, Swanna, and Alomomola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Frillish, Jellicent, Swanna, and Alomomola.

As soon as you get into town you’ll see a Frillish that’ll give you a Blunder Policy if you talk to it.

There's a move tutor for Ancient Power east of the Pokémon Center.

The northern part of the town has four houses. The NW house has a Move Deleter. The NE house has a Move Maniac. The SW house has a guy who will give you a Big Nugget. The SE house has a Moomoo Milk vendor.

There is a Heal Ball hidden east from the Pokemon Centre. From the door of the centre, go three steps east, two steps north and search in front of you.

A fenced area in the eastern part of the town has a Big Root.

The fisherman at the path out of the town will give you a Slowbronite.

Continue through the SE exit to Route 17.

---------
ROUTE 17:
---------
Weather forecast: Snowy
Wild Pokemon: Snover, Mamoswine, Abomasnow, Vivillon, Fearow. Level 36-38.

From the entrance, go 1 step down and 7 steps to the right. There will be a hidden Timer Ball in the tile in front of you. Then, make your way east and south, past the three trainers, picking up the Calcium on your way.
Painter Victoria
Smeargle LV 40

ICONIC BATTLE
Super Nerd Trevor
Charmeleon LV 40

Cool Trainer Celso
Carnivine LV 37
Swanna LV 37

Then enter the cave.

-------------
FROST CAVERN:
-------------
Wild Pokemon (1F+2F): Snover, Mamoswine, Abomasnow, Eevee, Crustle, Fearow, Vivillon. Level 36-38.
Wild Pokemon (3F): Mamoswine, *Bergmite, Abomasnow, Eevee, Crustle, Fearow, Vivillon, Snover. Level 36-38.

Eevee can evolve into Glaceon on 3F, where there’s an Icy Rock.

Go north, west and south around a depression and search a boulder for a Dusk Ball.
Go north from the start to reach a healer.

Now it's a bit complicated. Frost Cavern is a pretty open dungeon with multiple paths that connect the floors. Let's start by cleaning the western part of 1F.

Go west from the healer and up the stairs to fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Weston
Rotom LV 42

Go north and east to grab a Hyper Potion, fighting another trainer along the way.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Mantle
Krookodile LV 42

Pop up the stairs to 2F and fight two trainers there, but then come back here.
Psychic Wolf & Black Belt Eoin
Grumpig LV 40
Scrafty LV 39
Throh LV 40

Go back west and search a boulder in this part to find an Ice Heal.

Return to the healer and go east. In the ice field is a Heart Scale. Then go north, past a trainer, and up the stairs.
Cool Trainer Cordelia
Doublade LV 42

Continue north here and walk up the stairs to 2F.

On 2F, you'll end up in a small enclosed area. Grab TM112 (Aurora Veil) and go to the end of the path where you can fight and catch Yveltal (LV 45). Like Xerneas, Heavy Balls also work well on it. Go back to 1F afterwards.

On 1F, go east and north past a trainer.
Hiker Alain
Graveler LV 36
Graveler LV 37
Carbink LV 38

Talk to the second guy to get an Icy Rock and go up the stairs to the main part of 2F.

Now let's clear 2F. Go north and through the ice field. Fight a trainer north of the field.
MINOR ICONIC
Poke Maniac Count Pumpka
Pumpkaboo LV 41 (Prince Pumpkaboo)
Mawile LV 40

In the NE corner of the field are two boulders; check the NW one (the only one that can be checked from outside the ice) - it contains a Pearl, for some reason.

Slide through the ice to the SW corner of the field with a Max Repel. Go north and west, past another trainer.
Hiker Delmon
Relicanth LV 38
Rhydon LV 38

Search the boulder at the western wall to find a Dire Hit. Go west through ice and fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Woodward
Gallade LV 42

Grab a Never-Melt Ice north from there. A boulder near to the Never-Melt Ice contains an Ice Heal.

Go south and west until you reach another ice field. The boulder in the NE part of the field contains a hidden Super Potion.

That's all here. Go north, east, and north again to reach the stairs to 3F.

Here, go north, through ice. Take the second route east and grab an Ether in the dead end. Go west and north to a big ice field.

There's one trainer in this area.
Crush Girl Gabrielle
Medicham LV 42 (Mega)

The NW corner of the field has a visible item (a Scizorite), and there are 2 hidden items:

SE from the trainer are two boulders next to each other. The eastern one hides a PP Up.

In the NE part is also a path leading east that has a Zinc in it. In a boulder to the SW of the path, there is a hidden Elixir. Otherwise, continue north from the field to fight the last two trainers.
Black Belt Kenji & Hiker Brent
Gurdurr LV 42
Probopass LV 41

Exit to the next part of Route 17.

---------
ROUTE 17:
---------
Quite simple now: just a trainer, a Rare Candy and a guy who will give you a Glalitite.
Cool Trainer Era
Rotom LV 39
Cryogonal LV 38
Butterfree LV 38

Exit east to Anistar City.

-------------
ANISTAR CITY:
-------------
Talk to the first two people you come to for TM51 (Reflect) and a Max Repel. Continue east. First house has a person who will give you an Escape Rope. Further to the east is a Nurse Joy who will give you an Audinite.

Go back west and north along the shore. The house on the eastern side has two people who will give you a Pinsirite and an Absolite.

There are two paths leading west, each guarded by a guy. Talk to either of them to get transported to Anistar Sundial.

Grab the four items around this area -- a Houndoominite, a Pidgeotite, a Salamencite, and a Metagrossite. There is also a Sun Stone, hidden two tiles south from Olympia. Talk to Olympia and return to the city. Now you can enter the Gym.

The Gym has five normal trainers plus Olympia.
Psychic Charlene
Swoobat LV 42

Psychic Paschal
Chimecho LV 42

MINOR ICONIC
Psychic Carrie
Sigilyph LV 41
Sableye LV 41

Psychic Harry
Grumpig LV 42

Channeler Arthur
Mime Jr. LV 42

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER OLYMPIA (2v2)
Meowstic LV 45 x2 (Double Battle)

She will give you the Psychic Badge and TM119 (Light Screen).

Apart from the usual Kalos Teleport System update, the southern exit from Anistar City is now open. But that's not all! Safari Zone now has a Kalos area!

Go to Kanto, Fuchsia City, Safari Zone, and exit through the western exit on the north side of the Kanto area to reach the Kalos area.

------------------
SAFARI ZONE KALOS:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Litleo, Floette, Skiddo, Carbink, Furfrou, Gogoat, Honedge, Goomy, Dedenne, Pumpkaboo, *Phantump (rare), Bergmite. Level 30-34.
Fishing (Old Rod): Binacle and Clauncher.
Fishing (Good Rod): Binacle, Inkay, and Malamar.
Fishing (Super Rod): Clawitzer, Barbaracle, Malamar, Sliggoo, and Goodra.

There are two visible items in the grass: a Carbos and a Shiny Stone. In addition, you can find a hidden Nugget in the grass. It's on the tile just east from the NW corner.

Now return back to Anistar City and take the southern exit to Route 18.

---------
ROUTE 18:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Litleo, Marill, Dodrio, Flareon, Zigzagoon, Pyroar, Jolteon. Level 37-39.
Fishing (Old Rod): Azurill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Lanturn, and Vaporeon.
Fishing (Super Rod): Panpour, Vaporeon, Beartic, and Huntail.

Right after entering, you'll meet Clemont and have another battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Bunnelby LV 42
Chespin LV 40
Luxray LV 43
Dedenne LV 35

He then asks you for help finding Bonnie, who's been taken. Go south and jump the ledge. Fight a trainer and grab a Hyper Potion.
Youngster Jayden
Scolipede LV 40
Pinsir LV 40
Ninjask LV 40

Go east. The grass patch has one tile that protrudes north and touches another grass patch; check that tile for a Poke Ball. Continue north to the path. You can't get past the bridge now, so continue north instead. There are three Team Flare trainers in this area.
Team Flare Ryan
Houndour LV 40
Golbat LV 40

Team Flare Chris
Swalot LV 40
Scraggy LV 40

Team Flare Ralph
Croagunk LV 43

After that, you'll reach Bonnie. Talk to her to start the Team Flare arc. Grab the TM59 (Blaze Kick) east from her as well.

Now that you talked to Bonnie, the bridge is accessible. Go east and fight three trainers, two of which are fought as a double battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Black Belt Sanpei
Greninja LV 43

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Ippei & Black Belt Nihei
Greninja LV 43
Venusaur LV 43

There's a man in the house. If you talk to him with the Greninja (which you obtained in Lumiose City) at the front of your party, he will change its ability to Battle Bond at the cost of it not being able to breed anymore.

Go south, on the plateau, past two trainers, and grab a PP Up there.
MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Shinobu
Liepard LV 43

Hiker Orestes
Stunfisk LV 40
Flygon LV 41

You can then go down the stairs to the west and continue south. This last part of Route 18 has one trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Kagetomo
Weavile LV 43

Lass Sara
Granbull LV 40
Dedenne LV 40

There is one visible item (a Max Ether) and two hidden items:
1: Ether -- go along the eastern side of the path. It passes through the path. Search the middle of the five grass tiles on the right side of the path.
2: Super Potion -- go to the southern grass patch in this area. Step on the westernmost grass tile in its top row and search the tile south of you.

Then exit south to Couriway Town.

--------------
COURIWAY TOWN:
--------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Azurill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Lanturn, and Vaporeon.
Fishing (Super Rod): Frillish, Jellicent, Swanna, and Alomomola.

Go to the Pokemon Centre. From the entrance, walk three steps west and one step north, then check the tile in front of you for an Ether.

SW from the Pokémon Centre is a Foongus that’ll give you a Tiny Mushroom.

The high plateau east from the Pokemon Centre has a Rare Candy and a girl who will give you a Mystic Water.

Sawyer is on the big wooden dock. Fight him for a Kalos Teleport System update.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer
Shelgon LV 44
Honedge LV 44
Sceptile LV 45

Southern part of the town has two houses. The western house has a guy who will give you a Sceptilite; in the eastern house, you can get a Miracle Seed from another guy. A girl on the plateau where this house is will give you a Charcoal.

The path south is blocked by Alain. If you have defeated Sawyer, he will fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Alain
Charizard LV 48 (Mega)

Leave south to Route 19 afterwards.

---------
ROUTE 19:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Floette, Phantump, Lairon, Shuckle, Toxicroak, Helioptile, Litleo, Diglett, Staravia, Sentret. Level 38-40.

Start by going south and west, down the stairs. The empty tile surrounded by three grass tiles hides a Net Ball. Continue south, then east to the plateau. There's a trainer and an item (Aerodactylite).
Lass Lovelyn
Mr. Mime LV 42
Azumarill LV 42
Aromatisse LV 42

Return back to the main path, fight a trainer in front of the stairs.
MINOR ICONIC
Engineer Ed
Binacle LV 40 (Righty)

Go east up the stairs and head south past the cave entrance to fight the next two trainers, who can be fought together.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Nini
Smoochum LV 45
Gothita LV 45
Farfetch'd LV 45

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Breeder Miette
Slurpuff LV 45
Meowstic LV 45

The path ahead is blocked by Team Flare, so go into the cave instead. Terminus Cave has no wild Pokemon (unlike most caves), just three Team Flare members on the linear path.
Team Flare Riley
Houndoom LV 43
Electrike LV 43

Team Flare Jared
Golbat LV 45

Team Flare Jack
Mightyena LV 43
Swalot LV 43
Skorupi LV 43

After you beat them, You'll face two Team Flare Lieutenants, who will be in a double battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Team Flare Bryony & Team Flare Celosia
Bisharp LV 43 - Liepard LV 43
Drapion LV 43 - Manectric LV 43

Enter another cave at the end, and what a surprise -- it's TR again!
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Inkay LV 41
Gourgeist LV 43
Wobbuffet LV 48

Beat them and grab the Latiasite and the Latiosite in the cave.

Get out of the cave. The path forward is now blocked by Alain who will fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Alain
Metang LV 48
Charizard LV 50 (Mega)

Afterwards, he will give you a Charizardite X. 

At this point, you can cross the bridge and use the healer there, but don't forget to come back to the stairs later. There's a short, twisty, grassy path south of the path there with several hidden items on it.

First go to the SW corner -- the corner tile hides a Damp Rock. Then, find a hidden Timer Ball. Stand in the corner where Damp Rock was, walk three steps north, and then east, through the grass patch. There will be four clear tiles on this horizontal level before the next grass patch starts; the Timer Ball is on the third one from the left.

And finally, there's a visible HP Up at the very end of this path.

Go back across the bridge, use the healer, and grab a PP Up in the grass patch there. Then go left along the path and fight the last trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Lilia
Buneary LV 43

Pokemon Ranger Clementine
Alomomola LV 45

Continue west to Route 21.

---------
ROUTE 21:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Floette, Phantump, Lairon, Shuckle, Toxicroak, Helioptile, Litleo, Diglett, Staravia, Sentret. Level 38-40.
Fishing (Old Rod): Azurill.
Fishing (Good Rod): Marill, Lanturn, and Vaporeon.
Fishing (Super Rod): Frillish, Jellicent, Swanna, and Alomomola.

Note that wild encounters are the same as on Route 19 and fishing is the same as in Couriway Town.

There is a trainer guarding the bridge.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Amelia
Dragonair LV 43 (Shiny)
Espeon LV 43

Cross the bridge. This is a fairly small area. The southern part where you start has two trainers and one item (a Manectite).
Swimmer Coral
Stunfisk LV 45

Pokemon Ranger Shinobu
Zangoose LV 43
Beartic LV 43

Then, go to the stairs and fight Diantha so you can continue travelling through the route.
ICONIC BATTLE
Champion Diantha
Gardevoir LV 50 (Mega)

The northern area has another two trainers and TM88 (Pluck).
Lass Sera
Noctowl LV 43
Aerodactyl LV 43 (Mega)

MINOR ICONIC
Rocker Jimmy
Pikachu LV 44 (Spike)

ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Shauna
Ivysaur LV 45
Flabebe LV 45
Gothita LV 42
Swirlix LV 42

That's all -- exit west to reach Snowbelle City!

---------------
SNOWBELLE CITY:
---------------
Weather forecast: Sometimes snowy

A guy SW from the Pokemon Centre will give you a Revive.

North of the Pokemon Centre is a house with the Move Tutor for Bounce.

North of the Gym is a Full Restore (you have to go along the ledge west of the Gym to get it).

There's TM64 (Explosion) in the NW part of the town.

The house in the NW corner has an Alakazite.

Beat Sawyer in front of the Gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer
Doublade LV 45
Clawitzer LV 45
Sceptile LV 47

The Gym has four normal trainers plus Wulfric.
Cool Trainer Imelda
Sneasel LV 46
Cloyster LV 46

Cool Trainer Shannon
Cryogonal LV 46
Jynx LV 46
Piloswine LV 46

Cool Trainer Viktor
Delibird LV 46
Mamoswine LV 46

Cool Trainer Theo
Beartic LV 46
Vanilluxe LV 46

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WULFRIC Round 1 (3v2)
Abomasnow LV 49
Avalugg LV 49

After you beat Wulfric, he sends you to the Pokemon Village. Go south from Snowbelle City to Route 20.

As an aside, the Kalos Teleport System update happens now.

---------
ROUTE 20:
---------
Weather forecast: Sometimes snowy
Wild Pokemon: Vivillon, Spewpa, Butterfree, Bergmite, Snorlax, Budew, Fletchling, Weedle, Caterpie, Scatterbug, Zigzagoon, Bidoof. Level 40-43.

Note that you can get farm Leftovers here thanks to the wild Snorlax.

This route is a maze that calls Pac-Man to mind. Let's go on a scenic tour:

1. From the start, go east and fight a trainer.
Channeler Desdemona
Trevenant LV 50

Go south and east to fight another trainer.
Poke Maniac Corey
Dedenne LV 50

Go north and grab a Protein in a dead end.

2. Continue east and south. There's Iron in this passage.

3. Continue south, west, south, and east to fight the pair of double trainers.
Twins Nana & Nina
Slurpuff LV 49
Aromatisse LV 49

Go south and west for a Zinc.

4. Return to the double trainers and continue west. At the end of the path, turn north and grab a HP Up.

5. Return south and east. At the fork, go south and west to get TM99 (Bug Buzz).

6. Further west, fight a trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Roisin
Snubbull LV 47
Granbull LV 47

Then go west, north and west. Fight a trainer and go south for a Carbos.
Lass Wynne
Klefki LV 47 
Azumarill LV 47

7. Continue south and east to find Serena. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Serena
Braixen LV 48
Pancham LV 46
Sylveon LV 48

8. Return west, north, and east to get to a major north-south passageway. Go north and turn west when possible, then north for a Calcium.

9. Continue north, east, north, east, and north to get back to the entrance.

Back in Snowbelle City, go back to the Gym and fight Wulfric again.
ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER WULFRIC Round 2 (3v3)
Bergmite LV 50
Avalugg LV 50
Abomasnow LV 53 (Mega)

He'll give you the Iceberg Badge, TM120 (Icicle Crash), and an Abomasite.

Our goal is Lumiose City now; the Kalos journey ends where it began. We could teleport there, but there's still one Route we haven't been to, Route 22 west of Snowbelle City, so let's go there!

---------
ROUTE 22:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Scyther, Ursaring, Altaria, Spinda, Floatzel, Lombre, Swablu, Dragonair. Level 43-47.

Go west. You'll go to the fork where you can go along the path to the north, or jump the ledge to the west. We'll take the north path first.

Go along the path north and west, fighting three trainers and grabbing a Full Restore from a grass patch.
Cool Trainer Evan
Chandelure LV 52

ICONIC BATTLE
Super Nerd Trevor
Charizard LV 50 (Mega Y)
Aerodactyl LV 49
Florges LV 49

Cool Trainer Mireille
Sableye LV 49
Crustle LV 49

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Everett
Furfrou LV 52

Turn north and walk east along the narrow path to end up in an area where you can grab Mewtwonite X and Mewtwonite Y.

Go back to the start of the Route and jump down the ledge this time. This path is shorter, but is a one-way trip. After jumping the first ledge you'll see a woman. Talk to her with a Raquaza in the front of your party to receive the Dragon Scroll. If you give it to Rayquaza, it’ll be able to Mega Evolve.

After jumping the second ledge, you'll fight two trainers, then you can grab an Elixir.
Cool Trainer Elina & Cool Trainer Sean
Wailord LV 52
Vileplume LV 52

Jump the third ledge, and fight the last two trainers on this route.
Cool Trainer Trisha
Tyrantrum LV 52

ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tierno
Blastoise LV 50
Politoed LV 48
Raichu LV 49
Hitmontop LV 48
Ludicolo LV 49

Continue west to Lumiose City.

-------------
LUMIOSE CITY:
-------------
The Fletchinder that gave you the Coba Berry before has evolved into a Talonflame to give you a Charti Berry.

Clemont is now in front of the Pokemon League building in the NW part of the city. Fight him and enter.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Bunnelby LV 48
Luxray LV 50
Chespin LV 47
Dedenne LV 42

Standard Pokemon League stuff. Get registered, then fight at the left exit.
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Titus (3v3)
Altaria LV 52
Chesnaught LV 52
Crawdaunt LV 52

Then go to the second exit from the left.
LEAGUE BATTLE
Lass Carol
Gengar LV 52
Sandslash LV 52
Delphox LV 52

Then the middle exit.
LEAGUE BATTLE
Bug Catcher Doug
Armaldo LV 53
Beedrill LV 55 (Mega)
Galvantula LV 53

Then the second exit from the right.
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Astrid
Pyroar LV 54
Meowstic LV 54
Absol LV 55 (Mega)

The rightmost exit has the final two battles.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer
Slaking LV 55
Clawitzer LV 55
Salamence LV 55
Aegislash LV 55
Sceptile LV 58 (Mega)
Slurpuff LV 55

ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Alain
Tyranitar LV 57
Unfezant LV 57
Charizard LV 60 (Mega)
Metagross LV 57
Weavile LV 57
Bisharp LV 57

All Pokémon in your party will have the Lumiose Ribbon afterwards.

Unfortunately, right after the League ends, Team Flare attacks! Go out into the city which is now overrun by Team Flare goons.

Go east. You'll have to fight a Team Flare member.
Team Flare Arnold
Houndour LV 50 x2
Houndoom LV 50

Note that that's an exception -- most Team Flare members in the city do not fight, they just block your way. Pokemon Centre is inaccessible at the moment, but remember that there is one in the League building.

Like to the east -- blocked. You have to continue south instead.

After you pass the exit west from the city, you'll have to fight a Team Flare Lieutenant.
ICONIC BATTLE
Team Flare Aliana
Druddigon LV 55

Next fight is in the southern part of the city.
Team Flare Coy
Poochyena LV 55

After that, you can enter the Pokemon Centre, though Team Flare blocks access to the PC and to teleport. Of course, the League building still has an accessible PC, if you need one.
There's another Team Flare lieutenant next to the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Team Flare Bryony
Bisharp LV 51
Liepard LV 51

Continue around the city to the north until you get to the eastern exit. You can turn west towards the Gym there, battling another Lieutenant and 2 grunts.
ICONIC BATTLE
Team Flare Celosia
Drapion LV 51
Manectric LV 51

Team Flare Rex
Houndoom LV 50
Sneasel LV 50
Skorupi LV 50

Team Flare Kutz (can be battled by interacting with the bottom right grunt that are battling TR)
Poochyena LV 5

Next lieutenant is next to the Gym entrance.
ICONIC BATTLE
Team Flare Mable
Houndoom LV 51
Weavile LV 51

Now you can finally enter the Gym.

Enter the second elevator from the left and fight the Team Flare scientist Xerosic there.
ICONIC BATTLE
Crobat LV 53
Malamar LV 53

Enter the door behind him. You'll end up on the roof of Prism Tower, where you'll have to fight Lysandre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Flare Boss Lysandre (Double Battle)
Pyroar LV 62
Gyarados LV 64 (shiny) (Mega)

Congratulations, you stopped Team Flare’s plan to destroy the world!

You'll end up in the city with all the characters from Kalos. You'll automatically talk to Professor Sycamore, who’ll give the Record Ribbon to all your Pokémon and that's the end of the Kalos storyline!

Before we return to Oak, there are a few things to do.

First of all, once Lumiose City resets to default, there is a trainer in front of the Lumiose Gym who wants to challenge Clemont... he'll have to settle for you for now.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Alvin
Vivillon LV 50
Cubone LV 50
Pyroar LV 50

Then, return to Pallet Town and talk to Oak to start the Alola arc, but before we go to Alola, there are some legendary pokemon we can get before that.

First of all, go to the Lumiose store (the building west of Pokemon Centre) and go to the top floor. There will be three guys who will gift you Hoopa, Diancie, and Volcanion, each at LV 50. In the middle of the room, there is a Diancite and a Prison Bottle.
Next, teleport to Couriway Town and go south to Route 19. Enter the Terminus Cave and go to the back of the cave (where you fought TR once). You can now fight and capture Zygarde there at LV 60. Heavy Balls are recommended.

Now it's time to properly start the Alola arc! Return to Pallet Town and talk to Oak, then head to Viridian City to get the blimp to Alola. You can also put the Alola Cap on Pikachu from the right Cap Drawer in your room.


---------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 7: THE ALOLA REGION
---------------------------------------

****************************
* DAY 1 -- STARTING SCHOOL *
****************************
--------
ROUTE 1:
--------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Sunny
Wild Pokemon: *Grubbin, *Pikipek, Alolan Exeggutor, Spearow, Corsola, *Sandygast, Bonsly, Sudowoodo, Bewear. Level 2-5.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Pyukumuku and Slowpoke.
Fishing (Good Rod): *Bruxish, *Wishiwashi, and *Dewpider.
Fishing (Super Rod): *Pyukumuku, Slowpoke, *Bruxish, *Wishiwashi, and *Dewpider.

There will be eventually a chance to catch a Stufful (evolves into Bewear).

Grubbin evolves into Charjabug at level 20. To obtain its third stage, Vikavolt, you need to level it in a special magnetic field or by using a Thunder Stone on it like in SwSh (which is far easier). Currently, you have access to five magnetic fields: Route 110 in Hoenn, Route 207 and Mt. Coronet in Sinnoh, Chargestone Cave in Unova and Route 13 in Kalos.

Wishiwashi's ability only works if it is level 20 or above.

Go out of the blimp station and talk to your mom to get her out of your way (unfortunately, this technique usually doesn't work in real life).

There is a row of houses north of you. Sadly, only one of them can be entered and even there, there's nothing in interest.

You can now go either south or north. South is grass and a beach where you can fish. There’s a Pikipek that’ll give you a Babiri Berry. A fisherman on the beach will give you a Poke Ball and there's an Awakening in the grass. However, the Lab is blocked by a Litten so you can't get in. So you have to enter the big building in the north part: the Pokemon School. 

However, before you can enter, you'll have your first encounter with Alola's “evil” team. Team Skull (they will be abbreviated TS from now on). They really don’t do much compared to teams like Team Galactic or Team Flare.
ICONIC BATTLE
TS Tupp, Rapp, & Zipp
Salandit LV 3
Yungoos LV 3
Zubat LV 3

After they leave, you can enter the school. And it actually IS a big building.

Start by going straight north. You'll end up in a classroom which is the centre of the whole school. Leave through the NE exit to reach Samson's office. Talk to him and give him the Egg.

For future reference, the western exit from the classroom takes you to a room with a healing machine and there's a PC right at the entrance.

Samson offers to let you join the school... provided you get parental permission. Go out and south to the beach. Grab the Poke Ball from the fisherman if you haven't done so yet. Your mom will be by the sea south of the lab. Talk to her to enrol in the Pokemon School.

The Lab will now be open. Go in to meet Kukui, and he'll show you around, including meeting a cute little Rockruff that's currently staying there. His house also contains a regional teleport. He'll give you a Rotom Pokedex.

Note that while the Rotom Dex follows you, you will not be able to use Fly (everywhere) or your Bike (outside of Cycling Road).

Now, the Alolan part of the game works a bit differently than the others. You will be a part of a class and instead of moving freely around the region, you'll be going on... missions, I guess. Or school trips. The characters living on Route 1 (Kukui, Samson, and your classmates) have dialogues that frequently change. There are two main ways to advance the story: going to school and sleeping in your bed (that also heals your party).

So let's head towards the school. Outside the main doors, you'll have your first meeting with Tapu Koko, who will give you a Z-Ring. This can be used to activate superpowered Z-Moves.

Now enter the school, and sit on your seat (the middle one in the top row). You'll get your first mission: explore the Melemele forest to the east.

Note that if you ever forget what to do, come back and look at the board behind Kukui. It will give you your current objective.

----------------
MELEMELE FOREST:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Pikipek, Grubbin, *Mimikyu, Trumbeak, *Bounsweet, *Morelull, Shiinotic, *Oranguru, *Drampa, Alolan Exeggutor, Toucannon, Bewear. Level 2-5.

Go to the right and fight a trainer.
Youngster Jimmy
Alolan Rattata LV 3
Caterpie LV 3

This is a pretty open area. Go south, past another trainer to a side path.
Lass Audrey
Yungoos LV 4

Go east and grab a Potion at the end of the path.

Return to the trainer and go north. Fight another trainer who guards a Revive.
Lass Madison
Wingull LV 5

SE from there is an ICONIC LV 5 Rowlet, free for the taking.

Continue east. The rest of the forest is one long winding path. Fight a trainer along this path and continue.
Youngster Kevin
Grubbin LV 5

In the NE corner you'll find Kukui. Talk to him to finish the mission. Grab a Full Heal south from Kukui and return to class.

Return to class. The next part is a battle. You need to battle one of your classmates. Let's meet them, since you'll see those characters a lot from now on:

Sophocles: SW seat, has bushy orange hair.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 7

Lillie: S seat, has a white hat and long blonde hair, but isn't actually a trainer (yet).

Mallow: SE seat, has green pigtails.

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Bounsweet LV 7

Lana: NW seat, has blue hair.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Popplio LV 7

Kiawe: NE seat, has brown hair.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 6
Turtonator LV 7

For this assignment, you can fight any of them except Lillie (who, as she says, is not actually a trainer). You can only fight one of them but you probably don't really need the EXP from all of them at this point, do you? Needless to say, Kiawe is the best option for experience gain.

After battling, Kukui will explain to you about Z Moves and Z-Crystals and tell you that completing Island challenges is a good way to collect them.

That's all for now. Let's head to Bed (at Kukui's lab).

*********************************
* DAY 2 - HAU'OLI CITY AND LANA *
*********************************
When you wake up, Kukui has a new mission for you: Go to Hau'oli City and meet with Lana. Hau'oli City is west of Route 1; the exit is now open.

-------------
HAU'OLI CITY:
-------------
Weather Forecast: Sometimes Sunny
Fishing (Old Rod): Poliwag and Slowpoke.
Fishing (Good Rod): Corsola, Sharpedo, and Pelipper.
Fishing (Super Rod): Poliwag, Slowpoke, Corsola, Sharpedo, and Pelipper.

The first house you come to is blocked off. The second house is where Sophocles lives. Nothing to do here now, but remember it for future reference.

South from there (down the stairs) is a beach. Find two hidden items:

1) Stand on the right tile of the right set of stairs. Go four steps south and check the tile to your east for a Fresh Water.

2) In the SE corner of the beach is a line of four tiles with sea on both west and east. Search the second one from the left for a Pearl.

After that, talk to the two guys on the beach. One gives you a Potion, the other is a Move Tutor for Giga Drain.

So, go back up stairs and west along the path. Next you'll see the Hau'oli Shopping Mall, but it's not accessible yet, as Litten is guarding it.

Next is a big house. Here is where Lillie lives. There's nothing here right now, but again -- keep it in mind for future reference.

West of the signpost, there is an old lady who’ll give you a Cheri Berry, Leppa Berry and Sitrus Berry.

Further west, the path splits. Go south and you'll see Aina's Kitchen. Once again, we'll come back here later.

Go south along the path and talk to the Alolan Grimer to get an Everstone, then east. Next house belongs to Mallow, but she's not in. Next building is the Pokemon Centre -- our first one in Alola, in fact.

East from the Pokemon Centre is a park -- grab a Poke Ball that is in there.

Then the path leads further south onto a pier. Lana's house is here, and she's outside. Talk to her to go to the Hau'oli Outskirts.

------------------
HAU'OLI OUTSKIRTS:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: *Salandit, Roggenrola, Charjabug, Cubone, Emolga, Rufflet, Spinarak, Zubat, Pikipek, Bewear. Level 5-8.
Fishing (Old Rod): Psyduck and Slowpoke.
Fishing (Good Rod): Corsola, Sharpedo, and Pelipper.
Fishing (Super Rod): Psyduck, Slowpoke, Corsola, Sharpedo, and Pelipper.

If you want to catch Salandit, catch a female one -- those are the only ones that can evolve (although you could breed till you got a female).

Hau'oli Outskirts is a really big place. It's not too annoying since you can mostly just avoid the tall grass.

From the start, go NE and enter the gap between the trees. Navigate the path to NE. Eventually you'll be able to go west through another gap. Fight a trainer.
Pokemon Breeder Ikue
Pichu LV 7
Pikachu LV 7

NW from her is a Super Potion and a bit west from that is a Great Ball.

Return to the trainer and go SW. There will be another trainer.
Gentleman Jeremy
Alolan Diglett LV 9

Then go west and north to a third trainer.
Lass Malia 
Happiny LV 9

Go north to an area that is walled off by the trees. There's another trainer here.
Gentleman Stanley
Makuhita LV 9

The NE corner of the area has a Full Heal.

Exit the area and go west and north, hugging the trees. When you get to the northern shore, continue east, then south.

You will see another gap to the south, but first go east and grab a Big Mushroom from the NE part of the island.

Now enter the gap. There is a trainer, and then a healer.
Gentleman Braiden
Umbreon LV 8
Pikipek LV 8

Continue south to the centre of the island. In the NW corner is a Gift Popplio, grab it. Then check the boulder in the lake to fight a Gyarados LV 12.

After you beat the Gyarados, retrace your steps back to Lana. Talk to her -- she will heal you, but then you'll have to fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Lapras LV 10
Popplio LV 10

After you beat her, you can go back to Hau'oli City. If you need to come back to Hau'oli Outskirts for any reason, the Lapras in Hau'oli City will now take you there and back.

Another day is done, go to bed.

********************************************
* DAY 3 -- THE MALL, SOPHOCLES, AND HOBBES *
********************************************
The next day you will be told to meet Sophocles in the mall. Go to the Shopping Mall in Hau'oli City, which is now open. Surprise! Another TR battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Mimikyu LV 13
Wobbuffet LV 49

After the battle, you can shop with various vendors, who offer some basic PokeMart wares, as well as evolution stones, vitamins, and X-items. Nothing you haven't seen before.

Talk to Sophocles in the back and you will go to Hau'oli Tunnel. Immediately check the tile south of you; it contains a hidden Revive. Go north and beat three trainers.
Super Nerd Gerald
Morelull LV 12

Super Nerd Donald
Brionne LV 11
Alolan Meowth LV 11

Super Nerd Issac
Riolu LV 12

Grab another Revive and face a fourth trainer.
Super Nerd Henry
Grubbin LV 11
Trumbeak LV 11

Finally meet back with Sophocles himself who took time from his day job of writing Greek tragedies to heal you and fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 13

Talk to him afterwards to get out of the tunnel; you cannot get back once you leave, but since you can miss at most 2 Revives here, it's not a big deal.

For the next part, go to school. You'll see Lillie take a Pokemon egg. Go to her home (the big mansion in Hau'oli City). Talk to the guy there (Hobbes) and fight him.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Hobbes
Oricorio LV 14

Then go to Kukui's house and sleep.

******************************
* DAY 4 -- IKI TOWN AND HALA *
******************************
When you wake up, Kukui tells you that the bridge in the north of Route 1 is now open. Go west and north from the school to find it.

After passing the bridge, go east and grab the Eviolite. Then go into the trees to reach Route 3.

--------
ROUTE 3:
--------
Wild Pokemon: *Alolan Diglett, *Alolan Rattata, *Cutiefly, *Mudbray, *Alolan Meowth, Ribombee, *Passimian, Alolan Raticate. Level 10-14.

There is a TM129 (Brutal Swing) in the NE corner of the plains where you start.

The western exit is inaccessible right now. Go north and up the stairs instead. Fight the trainer at the top.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Laki
Smeargle LV 15

Go east from there, then north for a trainer battle and a Heal Ball.
Picnicker Tatiana
Petilil LV 15

Go back south, then west and north along the main path and fight another trainer.
Camper Joshua
Growlithe LV 15

The path splits here. Go north and west. There's a corner below a plateau that hides a Stardust. Then you'll meet a guy who will give you a Soothe Bell, with a visible Sharp Beak next to him. Continue west for another trainer.
Camper Ian
Psyduck LV 15

Go south and then head back north up the stairs to find the final trainer along with two items: A Red Card and a Nest Ball.
Hiker Makana
Rockruff LV 14
Slowpoke LV 14

Continue west to Iki Town.

---------
IKI TOWN:
---------
Go down the stairs and into the town proper. To your west are two houses, but there is nothing interesting there. The guy standing by the east house is a Move Tutor -- he teaches Drain Punch.

Continue north and up the stairs. Talk to the woman for a Stardust.

Enter the house here and talk to Hala. He will send you to Route 2.

Talking to Hala unlocks the Alola teleport system. Teleport to Hau'oli City and leave through the NW exit to Route 2.

--------
ROUTE 2:
--------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally Sunny
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Rattata, *Wimpod, Beedrill, Butterfree, Charjabug, Tauros, Miltank, Murkrow, Paras, Stoutland. Level 9-12.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Mareanie and Corsola.
Fishing (Good Rod): Chinchou, *Dhelmise, and Bruxish.
Fishing (Super Rod): *Mareanie, Corsola, Chinchou, *Dhelmise, and Bruxish.

Technically, we could have come here before, but apart from getting some Pokemon a bit earlier there wasn’t much of a point.

From the start, go north towards the stairs. In the corner to the right, there is a hidden Repel. Then, continue north and fight a trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Kaleb
Spearow LV 16

After that, Route 2 becomes much more open.

Go north along the path and turn east into the corridor between two rows of trees. There's a Super Potion in the grass here. Continue east. There will be a small nook to the north; search the NW tile of this nook to find a Star Piece. Continue east and grab the visible item, TM125 (Power Gem) and fight another trainer.
Beauty Ashley
Cottonee LV 16

You'll come to a cave entrance; this is Verdant Cavern and our next destination (if you come here without talking to Hala in Iki Town, the path will be blocked). But let's clear the rest of this Route before going in.

Go north and east around the cliff. Grab a Stardust there. Go north and west and fight a trainer.
Pokemon Ranger Jay
Butterfree LV 16

West from here is a big grass patch with a Nest Ball and another trainer inside.
Lass Isabella
Spearow LV 15
Cutiefly LV 15

Continue west and north. In the very NW corner of the Route is the last trainer, guarding another Nest Ball.
Beauty Krystal
Gastly LV 15
Misdreavus LV 15

That's all that is here; go back to the cave and enter.

---------------
VERDANT CAVERN:
---------------
Wild Pokemon: *Yungoos, Alolan Rattata, Gumshoos, Alolan Raticate. Level 12-16.

Go to the end of the cave and fight the Totem Gumshoos.
ICONIC BATTLE
Totem Gumshoos (2v3)
Gumshoos LV 19
Yungoos LV 14
Gumshoos LV 14

The Pokémon you use to battle it will get the Melemele Trial Ribbon afterwards.

After beating Gumshoos, talk to it to get Normalium-Z for winning. Note that you HAVE to talk to it in order to unlock the next part of the quest. Go back outside. Kukui will be waiting for you. He'll tell you about the Z-Crystals, which allow one superpowered move per battle, the move type is dependent on the crystal that the pokemon has equipped.

Return to Iki Town.

Hala will now be in the northern part of the town. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
ISLAND KAHUNA HALA (2v2)
Crabrawler LV 19
Hariyama LV 21

The Pokémon you use to battle it will get the Melemele Grand Trial Ribbon afterwards.

After you win, he's about to give you a Fightinium-Z, when Tapu Koko shows up to give you an Electrium-Z.

Go back to Kukui's House and on the way, talk to the Trumbeak (which was previously a Pikipek) to get a Kasib Berry. Inside, talk to the ICONIC LV 18 Rockruff there. It will join you.
This Rockruff is special and will evolve into a Dusk Form Lycanroc (like Ash’s in the anime) when it reaches level 25 or above during 5pm and 8pm, which is more lenient than the main series games.

Two of the forms evolve by happiness (one during day, one during night), while the third one is obtained by simply raising Rockruff to level 25.

As an aside, the best Day Care right now is in Sinnoh. That's because it has the best path: Sinnoh stop of the inter-regional teleport is in a town with Pokemon Centre, and therefore a regional teleport that can get you right to Solaceon Town where the Day Care is. Kalos has the same feature, but the Day Care is a bit farther from a Pokemon Centre.

But you might want to wait a bit -- the next Day Care has even better placement.

Go to bed -- another day done!

********************************************
* DAY 5 - LILLIE, KIAWE, AND PANIOLA RANCH *
********************************************
The next day, Kukui tells you to go to Lillie's house in Hau'oli City. Do so. You can now fight Lillie.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix LV 19 (Snowy)

Afterwards, go back to Route 1. East of the school is Kiawe with a Charizard. Talk to the Charizard and go to Akala Island.

-------------
PANIOLA TOWN:
-------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Wishiwashi and Alomomola.
Fishing (Good Rod): Pelipper and Gyarados.
Fishing (Super Rod): Pelipper, Gyarados, Wishiwashi, and Alomomola.

First of all, there are two flowers to the SW. The one further from you hosts a hidden Revive.

North of you are two houses. The eastern one has a guy who will give you a Quick Ball.

A guy south of the houses will give you a Moomoo Milk.

The SW part of the town has a small lake. It's mostly rectangular, but there are some protruding water tiles on top and bottom. Search the tile east from the protruding tiles on the south edge for a Fresh Water.

Finally, there's a Move Relearner in the Pokemon Centre.

Go north to Paniola Ranch.

--------------
PANIOLA RANCH:
--------------
Wild Pokemon: Mudbray, Miltank, Tauros, Herdier, Lillipup, *Alolan Geodude. Level 15-18.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wishiwashi and Alomomola.
Fishing (Good Rod): Pelipper and Gyarados.
Fishing (Super Rod): Pelipper, Gyarados, Wishiwashi, and Alomomola.

Go north and fight the first trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Anna
Magnezone LV 19

Follow the path to the end. There are two ways to continue: north and south. Go north first.

This is a pasture with some Miltank and Tauros grazing around. There are four items on the ground; from east to west they are an Oval Stone, an Amulet Coin, a Moomoo Milk, and a Mystic Water.

Return to the path and go south (after fighting a trainer who guards the way).
MINOR ICONIC
Lady Nina
Alolan Raichu LV 19

This part is a fairly big area with lots of grass. First of all, go to the SW grass patch and stand on the flower at the northern edge of the grass. From this flower, go two tiles south and check the western tile for a Fresh Water.
Go to the SW corner of this patch and go south along the fence, back to Paniola Town. Grab the Scope Lens at the end of the path.

After that, return to Paniola Ranch and go east. The next item is a visible Ether. After that, there is another hidden item: this big grass patch has a rectangular "dent" in its northern edge; stand in the SE corner of this dent and check the tile to your east for a Super Repel.

A final hidden item in this area is a Soda Pop. To find it, go to the NE corner (with a fenced Tauros) and search the second tile from the left in the northern row.

We're now done with this part, so go north past the next two trainers, in an optional double battle.
Tamer Gerald
Sableye LV 19
Carbink LV 18

Pokemon Breeder Amanda
Lillipup LV 18
Growlithe LV 18

The house here is where Kiawe lives, and it is also the Alolan branch of the Day Care.

This is the end of the way for now, as the path ahead is blocked by a herd of Miltank. So talk to Kiawe and fight him.

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 20
Turtonator LV 21

Beating Kiawe has several consequences: Paniola Town will be added to Alola teleport system and his Charizard can now transport you at will between Route 1 and Paniola Ranch. That makes Alolan Day Care pretty convenient, arguably more so than the Sinnoh one!

Go to Kukui's house and sleep to start the next quest.

***************************************
* DAY 6 -- MALLOW AND MELEMELE MEADOW *
***************************************
The next day, talk to Kukui to learn that you are supposed to go to Route 3 and meet Mallow there. Go there and meet her. You can now go west into the trees to reach Melemele Meadow.

----------------
MELEMELE MEADOW:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: *Oricorio, Butterfree, Pikipek, Ledyba, Bewear, Murkrow. Level 17-20.

Another TR battle to start this.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Mimikyu LV 20
Wobbuffet LV 50
Mareanie LV 20

Afterwards, grab the Yellow Nectar. Note that wild Pokemon can appear anywhere in the meadow.

Oricorio, who is very common here, has multiple forms. For now, you have access to two: its basic form is Fire/Flying, but if you have it hold the Yellow Nectar, it will transform into Electric/Flying form. It has two more forms, but you don't have the necessary items right now.

Go out, talk to Mallow and battle her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Steenee LV 22

Beating her will unlock a few things:
1. There's now a trainer next to the PC machine of the Pokemon School:
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Hiroki
Mudbray LV 20
2. You can go to Kukui's House to unlock the next quest. But when you get there, Kukui will remind you of the ICONIC LV 20 Litten who used to block your way to some destinations. It will be close to Lillie's house in Hau'oli City. Go talk to it and it will join you.
3. Since we're in Hau'oli City anyway, let's go to the beach. There's now a new trainer here:
MINOR ICONIC
Rocker DJ Leo
Alolan Dugtrio LV 20 (J A & M)
Alolan Diglett LV 19

Now head back to the lab and go to bed, and it's quest time!

********************
* DAY 7 -- GLADION *
********************
The next day, talk to Kukui to find out that you can spend the day off... until Rotom tells you to visit Lillie. Oh well, let’s do that. Go to her mansion in Hau’oli City. Her brother Gladion is there now, so fight him, as one is prone to do with people they see for the first time. No? It's just me? Moving on...
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Gladion
Lycanroc-Night LV 20

The Gladion fight is actually the only thing to do today -- go back to Kukui's House and sleep. And if you didn't go out of your way to get the Litten, it's right there near the mansion.

*****************************
* DAY 8 -- AKALA AND OLIVIA *
*****************************
Today, go to school. You'll learn that there's a field trip to Akala Island. That's the island where Paniola Town is, by the way.

The Charizard won't fly you to Paniola Ranch right now, so you have to take a ship. Go to Hau'oli City and walk all the way to the pier. There are two ships. You want to take the north one (well, it's the only one you CAN take), and go to Paniola.

Go north towards Paniola Ranch and Kukui will stop you to tell you that you should take on the trial at Brooklet Hill. So continue to Paniola Ranch.

At this point, the herd of Miltank that used to block your way by the Day Care has moo-ved. They still block your way south, but now you can at least go north to Route 5.

--------
ROUTE 5:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Wimpod, Cutiefly, *Crabrawler, Alolan Exeggutor, Grubbin, Ribombee, Butterfree. Level 18-21.

Crabrawler can only evolve in a certain location, but you haven't found it yet. I'll mention it when we get there.

This is another big and spacey Route, but it's actually fairly constrained in terms of your paths. Let's get to it.

From the start, go north and fight a trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Gentleman Oluolu
Snorlax LV 22

After you beat him, he'll give you a Snorlium-Z.

Continue north to the next trainer.
Hiker Gabriel
Makuhita LV 22
Mudbray LV 22

Then go into the grass to the east. There's a Hyper Potion in this area.

Go back to the main path and follow it to the west. There's another trainer, and then a healer.
Pokemon Breeder Yuka
Morelull LV 22
Ledyba LV 22

The path splits now. We can go north, south, or west. We'll start by going north. First, fight a trainer.
Youngster Corey
Paras LV 22
Spinarak LV 22
Slowpoke LV 22

Then grab a Poisonium-Z from the centre of the next grass patch. A pair of double trainers is further to the east.
Twins Isa & Nico
Happiny LV 23
Igglybuff LV 23

But before you jump the ledge there, go south and west into a dead end with a Super Potion.

Jump the ledge. There is a Revive in the grass patch. Jump the ledge to the south and then search the SW corner of this area to find a hidden Star Piece. Fight another trainer here and jump south to get back to the main path.
Youngster Caleb
Grubbin LV 22 x2

Go back to the crossroads, and this time, go south. Fight two trainers who guard the way in an optional double battle, then continue south.
Camper Justin
Vullaby LV 23

Picnicker Lauren
Rufflet LV 23 (Shiny)

Go east to grab yet another Revive from the dead end, and then go west. Go into the trees to reach Brooklet Hill.

--------------
BROOKLET HILL:
--------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Magikarp and Feebas.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wishiwashi and Alomomola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Magikarp, Feebas, Wishiwashi, and Alomomola.

Lana is here, and you will fight her as soon as you go in.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Popplio LV 24

Then, agree to team up with her. Together, go north and check the boulder to fight the Totem Wishiwashi. Your party will be healed as the battle begins.
ICONIC BATTLE
Totem Pokemon Wishiwashi (Double Battle)
Wishiwashi LV 28
Alomomola LV 23

Exit the area, return to the crossroads on Road 5, and continue west to Route 8.

--------
ROUTE 8:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Geodude, Alolan Diglett, Lillipup, Garbodor, Herdier, Fearow, Yungoos. Level 21-24.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wishiwashi and Alomomola.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wimpod, Gyarados, and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Super Rod): Wishiwashi, Alomomola, Wimpod, and Gyarados.

This is mostly just a scenic Route around a rock massif. First go west on a small peninsula and fight the trainer.
Picnicker Kiana
Eevee LV 24

After, talk to the next guy for a Water Stone.

Return to the main path. Grab a Dive Ball from the grass patch to the north, then continue west past another Trainer.
Lass Malie
Alolan Meowth LV 24

Continue west to the third trainer.
Bird Keeper Elleen
Wingull LV 24
Fearow LV 24

There are two hidden items here. One, a Max Repel, is in the NE corner of where the rock massif has been cut into. The other one, an Iron, is on the small 1-tile outcrop into the sea west of the trainer.

Continue north. There are two trainers on this path, as well as a Thunder Stone in a grass patch.
Youngster Miki
Bounsweet LV 23
Trumbeak LV 23

Youngster Aralan
Rockruff LV 24

The final part of this Route leads east. Once again, it has two trainers and an item in the grass (a Miracle Seed).
Lass Nicki
Miltank LV 24

Scientist Tyrone
Archen LV 24
Shieldon LV 24

Continue east to Route 7.

--------
ROUTE 7:
--------
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Geodude, Alolan Diglett, Lillipup, Garbodor, Herdier, Fearow, Yungoos. Level 21-24.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wishiwashi and Alomomola.
Fishing (Good Rod): Wimpod, Gyarados, and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Super Rod): Wishiwashi, Alomomola, Wimpod, and Gyarados.

All encounters are the same as on Route 8.

Start by going east and fighting two trainers.
Swimmer Casey
Mareanie LV 26

Swimmer Dakota
Surskit LV 25
Dewpider LV 25

Be sure to grab the Buginium-Z in the southern corner before continuing on. Further east the path splits. Go east. Fight a trainer and grab a Rare Candy in the grass.
Swimmer Tiare
Alomomola LV 25
Shellder LV 25
Corsola LV 25

Then fight the pair of double trainers.
Cool Couple Zero & Chloe
Zorua LV 25
Rockruff LV 25

Further east is the Wela Volcano Park. (If the path is blocked, it means that you haven't beaten Totem Wishiwashi yet.)

------------------
WELA VOLCANO PARK:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Marowak, Cubone, Magcargo, Magby, Salandit, Ponyta. Level 22-24.

Go north. The path splits here and each side is guarded by a trainer.
Cool Trainer Jim
Alolan Meowth LV 25
Kadabra LV 25

Hiker Colhoun
Roggenrola LV 25
Machop LV 25

Beat both of them and grab the items in the side paths TM127 (Leech Seed) on the west side, a Charcoal on the east side). Then continue north and fight Kiawe.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 23
Alolan Marowak LV 25
Turtonator LV 25

According to Kiawe, there wasn’t actually a trial here. Huh. Go back down, west along Route 7 and south into the northern part of Route 5.

--------
ROUTE 5:
--------
Go south, then east. There is a trainer and a Bright Powder in the eastern part of this area.
Cool Trainer Alexis
Goomy LV 25
Sylveon LV 25

Be careful to not fall down the ledge -- you'd have to go around Routes 8 and 7 again to return and while it's a safe path, it's long and annoying.

Enter the forest once you get the Bright Powder. (If the path is blocked, then you haven't beaten Kiawe on Wela Volcano yet.)

------------
LUSH JUNGLE:
------------
Wild Pokemon: *Fomantis, Alolan Diglett, Castform, Lurantis, Parasect. Level 22-24.

This is a "cave" area so wild Pokemon can appear anywhere. There is a Mossy Rock here, so Eevee can evolve into Leafeon when levelled up here.

Once you enter, you will have to fight Mallow.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Steenee LV 27

Then continue north and fight Totem Lurantis.
ICONIC BATTLE
Totem Pokemon Lurantis (2v2)
Lurantis LV 30
Castform LV 25

You will get a Grassium-Z for beating it and the Pokémon you use to battle it will get the Akala Trial Ribbon afterwards..

Now that you have beaten Totem Lurantis, two things happen. First of all, Kiawe is no longer at the Wela Volcano. That means you can get to his Charizard. Charizard is like an alternate teleport system in Alola; right now it connects three places: Route 1, Paniola Ranch, and Wela Volcano. You need to get to Paniola Ranch -- better way is to go on foot, as you can stop by the healer on Route 5.

The second thing that happens is that the herd of Miltank at Paniola Ranch moves again, letting you go south.

--------------
PANIOLA RANCH:
--------------
The new section is pretty short, consisting just of trainers -- five of them!
Fisherman Vernon
Starmie LV 26
Gyarados LV 25

ICONIC BATTLE
Youngster Horacio (Sophocles's Rival)
Charjabug LV 27 (Shiny)

Youngster Anthon
Magby LV 25
Yungoos LV 26

Beauty Brit
Cubone LV 26
Drowzee LV 25

MINOR ICONIC
Beauty Ida
Brionne LV 27

Continue south to Ruins of Life.

--------------
RUINS OF LIFE:
--------------
To your east is a legendary pokemon, Tapu Lele. It's only LV 25, so a relatively easy catch. If you have high levelled pokemon (which you should), then Level Balls are the way to go.

Once you've caught it, the only thing left to do here is to fight Olivia.

ICONIC BATTLE
ISLAND KAHUNA OLIVIA (Double Battle) (2v2)
Lycanroc LV 26
Probopass LV 26

Beat her to receive the Rockium-Z.

This concludes the Akala quest. Go to Kukui's House and sleep.

**********************
* DAY 9 -- SOPHOCLES *
**********************
The next day, Kukui sends you to Sophocles's house -- remember? It's the second house in Hau'oli City when you go from Route 1. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 26
Charjabug LV 26

And... that's it? Yeah, it's another day done, go to Kukui's House and sleep, then.

***************************
* DAY 10 -- BACK IN KANTO *
***************************
So, the next day, Kukui's gone. Go to school. You'll learn that you're going to Pallet Town to see Kantoian forms. Unfortunately, the convenient inter-regional teleport doesn't work, so you'll have to take the blimp. Go to Viridian City and walk home.
PALLET TOWN:
Go to Oak's Laboratory where you are welcomed by TR. Isn't it nice how those guys try?
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James
Mimikyu LV 27
Wobbuffet LV 51
Mareanie LV 27

So, after their inevitable blasting off, go through the lab and exit through the back into the corral.

In the corral, you can talk to Oak, Samson, Kukui, and your classmates, but the main thing to do here is to fight Misty and Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Misty
Gyarados LV 55 (Mega)

ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix LV 55 (Mega)

(Don't forget that Oak's Lab has a healing machine and a PC!) Once you beat both of them, you will automatically return to Kukui's House in Alola. Go to bed.

*******************
* DAY 11 -- NEBBY *
*******************
The next day, Kukui has no task for you, but Rotom Dex suggests you should go to Melemele Forest.

In the forest, go south. Close to the first trainer is a Pokemon. Talk to it and it will start following you.

Note that while it follows you, you must take at least one step into a building, or else when you exit it, you will get a black screen. Ideally you want to avoid this, but if you get a black screen, immediately go back into the building, go in one step, and it should be fixed when you exit again.

Now go to Lillie's house in Hau'oli City and fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix (Snowy) LV 27

She suggests taking it to Kukui, so head back to the lab. He doesn't know what to do, so suggests that you sleep on it.

*****************************
* DAY 12 -- AETHER PARADISE *
*****************************
The next day, you're told to go to school. This time, we're going to Aether Paradise!

Go to Hau'oli City and to the sailor who sails to Paniola Town. He now has Aether Paradise as another destination.

----------------
AETHER PARADISE:
----------------
Wild Pokemon: Bounsweet, *Stufful, Ditto, Petilil, *Comfey, Alolan Exeggutor, Sandygast, Jigglypuff, Sandile. Level 23-28.
Fishing (Old Rod): Shellos and Qwilfish.
Fishing (Good Rod): Swanna, Goldeen, and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Super Rod): Shellos, Qwilfish, Swanna, Goldeen, and Wishiwashi.

Stufful is the first form of Bewear, which appeared in a few areas, so the only completely new Pokemon here is Comfey.

From where you start, you can go west or east and then south to the grass patches. East patch has an item at the end of it. The eastern path has a Groundium-Z. The western path has TM130 (Shore Up). 

Now let's head into the building. Or you can go north and enter the big building...

From the start, you will meet the researcher Faba. Once you're done, you have a PC on your left. You can't go east, so go north and then east to a small office with a Rare Candy. It was probably someone's lunch and you just pilfered it. I hope you're happy.

The guy at the north end of the big room is a healer.

Go west and fight a trainer.
Scientist Teddy
Alolan Dugtrio LV 28
Sliggoo LV 28

The path leads you around, past two more trainers.
Scientist Jari
Herdier LV 28
Lumineon LV 28

Scientist Ashton
Shelgon LV 28
Trumbeak LV 28

Be sure to pick up the Max Revive in the SW Corner. Continue east and fight another trainer.
Scientist Arin
Alolan Muk LV 29

The small room to the north contains a Full Restore.

Continue east. The path goes further east, but go south first. Fight a trainer that guards the entrance to another office with a Nugget. Past him is a man next to a desk who will trade you a Togedemaru for a Pichu.
Scientist Danny
Parasect LV 28
Drifblim LV 28
Vibrava LV 28

Go back to the main path and continue east past two more trainers in a double battle.
Scientists Willington & Billington
Electabuzz LV 29
Magmar LV 29

Grab a Dubious Disc there (you should already have some from Slateport MARKET). Two researchers at the counter sell all types of fossils including two new ones: Jaw Fossil and Sail Fossil.
Continue along the path and Faba will stop you when you go past him. You will automatically go back to Kukui's House.

Go back to Aether Paradise -- we're not done here yet. Now directly east from the entrance is another room, which has a free Type: Null at LV 30. Grab it. Continue east along the southern wall to grab a Master Ball!

Now you can go back to Kukui's House and sleep.

****************************
* DAY 13 -- TEN CARAT HILL *
****************************
The next day, Kukui will tell you that he has a fun lesson plan. Then Cosmog teleports you away.

Welp.

Welcome to Ten Carat Hill!

---------------
TEN CARAT HILL:
---------------
Wild Pokemon: Pinsir, Magmar, Midday Form Lycanroc, Midnight Form Lycanroc, Alolan Raticate, Spinda, Sableye, Pangoro, Machop. Level 24-29.

Wild Pokemon encounters can occur anywhere here.

Follow the path east, south, and west, facing three trainers and grabbing the Ether along the way.
Youngster Honus
Rockruff LV 30

Youngster Ikaika
Pikipek LV 29
Yungoos LV 29

Lass Ellie
Pikipek LV 29
Rockruff LV 29

After the third trainer, continue west to grab an Elixir, then return to the trainer and go south and east.

Fight the next trainer and continue east.
Lass Sheri
Jangmo-o LV 29
Pikachu LV 29

You'll end up on a meadow. Grab the Fightinium-Z at the east side and talk to Gladion to fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Gladion
Type: Null (Silvally) LV 31

Note that although his pokemon is named Silvally, it is a Type: Null.

He will send you back to Route 1 afterwards. From now on, Charizard will have Ten Carat Hill as a new destination.

Go back to Kukui's House and sleep.

**************************************************
* DAY 14 -- FABA, NIHILEGO, AND VAST PONI CANYON *
**************************************************
The next day, you are supposed to go to Aether Paradise and visit Faba. Do so.

Aaaand Faba goes all villainy and steals Nebby. Go to the building and you will be thrown into a battle with a LV 35 Nihilego. Catch it.

Nothing more to do here, go to Kukui's House. No sleeping, though -- Kukui will tell you that you're going to Poni island. Return back to the sailor in Hau'oli City: he now has a new destination, Vast Poni Canyon!

-----------------
VAST PONI CANYON:
-----------------
Wild Pokemon: *Jangmo-o, Hakamo-o, Mienfoo, Carbink, Kommo-o, Machoke, Golbat, Night Lycanroc, Day Lycanroc, Machop. Level 24-29.

This is a location with strong magnetic fields, and as such it allows the evolution of Magneton, Nosepass, and Charjabug.

Once again, random encounters can occur everywhere here. Start by going east and north and fight a trainer.
Cool Trainer Lynn
Staryu LV 29
Shiinotic LV 29
Fletchinder LV 29

Continue west. There will be another trainer and a Dragonium-Z in the dead end. 
Scientist Iki
Muk LV 29
Magneton LV 29

Return to the first trainer. East from her (you have to go around a rock) is an X Attack. Just to the north is a Move Tutor for Magnet Rise.

Go north and west through a narrow gap to the next area. You'll fight a trainer.
Hiker Zachary
Archeops LV 29
Cranidos LV 29

Continue west to a dead end with a trainer and a Max Revive.
Black Belt Earl
Poliwrath LV 30

Return to the previous trainer and continue north. There's another trainer.
Painter Perdy
Whimsicott LV 30

Beyond her, the path splits. Go through the western part; fight the trainer and grab a PP Max nearby.
Cool Trainer Harry
Torkoal LV 29
Arcanine LV 29

Then go back and enter the eastern branch. It has a Protein and a pair of double trainers.
Cool Couple Kent & Aimee
Alolan Sandslash LV 30
Alolan Ninetales LV 30

Go east, north, and west around the rock formation to fight another trainer, making sure to grab the TM126 (Liquidation).
Cool Trainer Junko
Lilligant LV 29
Sneasel LV 29

The last trainer is west of you and there's a Kommonium-Z close to him.
Cool Trainer Eric
Granbull LV 29
Alolan Golem LV 29
Cloyster LV 29

That's all on the outside, enter the cave! Inside, go straight north, but make sure to grab the Pikashunium-Z. Talk to Solgaleo, who will give you a Solganium-Z. It then automatically heals you (although you won't get a message about it). Then, it becomes a gift ICONIC LV 35 Solgaleo. Take it with you, then walk up into the dead end to go to Ultra Deep Space and once there, go north and fight Lusamine.
ICONIC BATTLE
Aether President Lusamine
Clefable LV 33
Milotic LV 33
Absol LV 33
Salazzle LV 33
Lilligant LV 33
Mismagius LV 33

After you win, you will get back to Altar of the Sunne.

Once you get back, you will automatically go back to Kukui's House. Go to bed to get to the next day.

****************************
* DAY 15 -- MOUNT LANAKILA *
****************************
The next day, follow Rotom Dex's suggestion and go to school. Kukui will announce a new trip. Go to the sailor you've been using and he will now be able to transport you to Mount Lanakila.

---------------
MOUNT LANAKILA:
---------------
Weather forecast: Blizzard

Wild Pokemon: *Alolan Vulpix, Sneasel, *Alolan Sandshrew, Crabominable, Snorunt. Level 25-30.

This is a place with an Icy Rock, so Eevee can evolve here into Glaceon. In addition, this is the only place where Crabrawler can evolve into Crabominable.

Directly west from where you started is a Move Tutor for Iron Head.

Start by going west. and south to fight a trainer.
Crush Girl Kailee
Shiinotic LV 30
Passimian LV 30

Further west is an Iron. North of you is a 3x5 grass patch. Stand north of its NE corner, go one step west and check the tile north of you for a Revival Herb.

Go west and south to another trainer.
Black Belt Seth
Scyther LV 30
Malamar LV 30

Go south from the trainer to reach an Ice Stone. Then go east for another trainer.
Hiker Ovid
Relicanth LV 32

Continue east for another item -- an Icium-Z. Go south and fight the next two trainers.
Hiker Minty
Florges LV 32

MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Cerah
Alolan Ninetales LV 32

Then go west for the final trainer.
Youngster Peren
Emolga LV 32

Well, not the FINAL final trainer -- north from there, in a dead end, is Lillie. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix (Snowy) LV 32

Now you can return north to the sailor and go home. Go to Kukui's House and sleep. 

Note that when you pass back through Hau'oli City, there is a Poké Ball containing a LV 30 Marshadow next to the Pokemon Centre. Be sure to grab it.

**********************
* DAY 16 -- BUZZWOLE *
**********************
Head to school. Lusamine announces that you can now battle Ultra Beasts that wander around Alola. Go to the northeast corner of the classroom. There will be a new NPC who sells you Beast Balls; these special Poke Balls are great for catching Ultra Beasts, but don't really work that well on anything else. They cost just 1000, so you can just buy as many as you want. By this time you are most likely at the money cap which means you are single-handedly supporting the whole Pokemon world economy.

Now go to Melemele Meadow (over the bridge to Route 3, and then west into the trees). Fight Buzzwole which appears there. Catch it. Try your new Beast Balls.
Buzzwole LV 37

Once you do that, go to Kukui's House and sleep.

**************************
* DAY 17 -- ROYAL AVENUE *
**************************
The next day, take the Charizard to Paniola Ranch. The herd of Miltank is finally gone, so you can go east from the ranch and enter Royal Avenue!

-------------
ROYAL AVENUE:
-------------
Royal Avenue is basically a small town. There is a Move Tutor (for Gunk Shot) in the Pokemon Centre.

Outside, you can collect five items, two hidden and three visible:

1) Rare Candy -- The northern edge of Royal Avenue is formed by trees and bushes. A Rare Candy is hidden in the third bush from the left.
2) Rare Candy -- Another one is hidden in the third bush from the right.
3) HP Up -- on the ground near the second Rare Candy.
4) Pink Nectar -- near the fountain in the centre of Royal Avenue. Pink Nectar can be equipped on Oricorio to change it into its Psychic/Flying form.
5) TM132 (Revenge) -- in the centre of the puddle.

Go north from the TM132 and enter the house. The man inside will give you a Power Belt.

East of the house is a guy who will give you the Incinium-Z. The hiker by the fountain will give you a Primarium-Z. The fisherman north of the Pokemon Centre will give you a Decidium-Z.

There is a Game Corner in the eastern part of the Avenue. The Pokemon offered there are:
*Alolan Grimer - 180 coins
Rockruff - 500 coins
Jangmo-o - 2800 coins
*Turtonator - 5500 coins
*Komala - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Power Anklet - 100 coins
Power Band - 100 coins
Power Belt - 100 coins
Power Bracer - 100 coins
Power Anklet - 100 coins

Note that Komala is not available anywhere else and that the only other place to get an Alolan Grimer or a Tutonator is the Safari Zone. However, Turtonator only has a 1% chance to show up in the Safari Zone, so you'll probably need to get it here if you want one.

Now enter the big building to the north. Talk to the guy in the middle and you get a choice of pairing with either Kiawe or Sophocles for the next battle. Choose whoever -- the one you don't choose will be the partner of your opponent. 
Beat the Masked Royal and that's another day done.

ICONIC BATTLE
Masked Royal & Pokemon Trainer Kiawe / Sophocles
Incineroar LV 33
Alolan Marowak LV 33 / Charjabug LV 33

The Alola teleport system is also updated, adding Royal Avenue. Head back towards the school via the teleport system for a good night's sleep... except that TS has taken over the place. Three grunts guard the road to the school.
TS Sipp
Alolan Rattata LV 33
Alolan Raticate LV 33
Yungoos LV 33
Spinarak LV 33

TS Hipp
Houndour LV 33
Ekans LV 33
Drowzee LV 33

MINOR ICONIC
TS Okazaki (No known pokemon in anime)
Golbat LV 33
Scraggy LV 33

The 'leaders' of this strike force are next to the school entrance, guarding Ilima.
ICONIC BATTLE
TS Tupp, Rapp, & Zipp
Salandit LV 33
Garbodor LV 33
Zubat LV 33
Yungoos LV 30

Illima will then give you an Eevium-Z, and then he tells you about the Alola Pokemon League that's being set up. Exciting prospect. For now though, let's head to sleep.

*********************
* DAY 18 -- POIPOLE *
*********************
The next day, Kukui will tell you that an Ultra Beast appeared on the island and Rotom Dex reveals that it's inside the school! So, let's go there. Rotom Dex gives you a hint once you enter - the Ultra Beast is in the plants on the right side of the school.

There's a small room you can reach by going east from the classroom, then south -- there was no reason coming here before. Once you enter the room, you will see an ICONIC Poipole on the right. It's another gift pokemon, so grab it. It even comes in a Beast Ball.

Poipole, unlike the rest of the Ultra Beasts, is able to evolve. To evolve it, you must teach it Dragon Pulse, but it actually doesn't learn it by levelling up. Dragon Pulse is Lv. 1 move, so you need to take Poipole to one of the many Move Relearners and get it there. For those people who want to have a complete dex listing in their PC's with all possible pokemon, however, do NOT evolve Poipole, as you will receive a Gift Naganadel towards the end of the Alola Region.

As a reminder, in case you don't want to go searching through this guide for them, there is a Move Relearner in Blackthorn City in Johto. I chose it because it is, in my opinion, the easiest to find.

Anyways, that's today's quest done. Go back to Kukui's House and sleep.

*************************************************
* DAY 19 -- CELESTEELA, KIAWE, LANA, AND MALLOW *
*************************************************
The next day, Rotom Dex informs you about another Ultra Beast, sighted at Route 3. So -- go there. From the entrance, go north, up the big set of stairs to the plateau. There is a new trainer at the base waiting to challenge you.
MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Ikari
Mienshao LV 33

Continue north and west. Sophocles wants the Ultra Beast for himself and you have to fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 36
Charjabug LV 36

Beat him, then fight and catch Celesteela!
ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Celesteela LV 34

Rotom Dex suggests visiting Kiawe on the farm, so go back to Route 1 and take Charizard to Paniola Ranch. Kiawe is right there, so fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 34
Alolan Marowak LV 36
Turtonator LV 36

After you beat Kiawe, Rotom Dex sends you to Route 1 where Lana is. She is SW from Kukui's house, by the sea. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Popplio LV 37

Next, Rotom Dex sends you to Aina's Kitchen in Hau'oli City (it's the fancy house on the western side of the city), where you will fight Mallow.
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Steenee LV 37

After that, go to Kukui's House and sleep.

*************************************
* DAY 20 -- ULA'ULA ISLAND AND NANU *
*************************************
The next day, Kukui tells you that you will be going to Ula'ula Island today. Go to Hau'oli City and this time, talk to the BOTTOM sailor to sail for Tapu Village!

-------------
TAPU VILLAGE:
-------------
Weather Forecast: Sometimes Rainy
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Finneon.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bruxish and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Super Rod): Tentacool, Finneon, Bruxish, and Wishiwashi.

First of all, enter the house NE from you and talk to Nanu.
ICONIC BATTLE
ISLAND KAHUNA NANU (1v1)
Krookodile LV 33

He will fight you. This will also update the Alolan teleport system, adding the Tapu Village Pokemon Centre. Then, go out and talk to the lady east from the house to obtain a Razor Claw.
SE of the Pokémon Centre are some Murkrow surrounding a Honchkrow. Talk to the Honchkrow to get a Black Sludge.
There are three paths out of the village, but the NW one is blocked. Go through the NE path first to Haina Desert.

-------------
HAINA DESERT:
-------------
Weather forecast: Sandstorm

Wild Pokemon: Trapinch, Sandile, Mudsdale, Alolan Dugtrio, Alolan Diglett. Level 27-32.

Wild Pokemon encounters can happen anywhere in the desert.
As soon as you enter, you will speak to Acerola. She tells you to head through the desert to the Ruins of Abundance, where Tapu Bulu is at.

This place is not too bad: a few trainers, and a bunch of items -- and they are all visible too!

From the start, go west and grab a Big Nugget. Then go northeast and get a Moon Stone.

Go east, fight a trainer and grab an Aloraichium-Z he guards.
Cool Trainer Voltsy
Zoroark LV 31
Charizard (Mega X) LV 31
Gardevoir LV 31
Froakie LV 31
Alolan Raichu LV 31
Rockruff LV 31 (Shiny)

Then go west and north for a Max Elixir and another trainer.
Sailor Al
Wishiwashi LV 31
Whiscash LV 31
Krokorok LV 31

Then go west, north, and east around the rock formation to your north to grab the last item: a Hyper Potion. Then go north and east, and then north through the exit.

-------------------
RUINS OF ABUNDANCE:
-------------------
Go to Tapu Bulu, fight it, and catch it. Tapu Bulu is neither fast nor heavy, and it’s level 35, so Timer Balls are the way to go. Unfortunately, Tapu Bulu also activates Grassy Terrain, which means that HP is restored to both Pokemon each turn. This makes catching it VERY frustrating, unless you have a Pokemon that can activate its own terrain.
ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Tapu Bulu LV 35

Then return through the desert to Tapu Village. Nanu won't fight you again yet -- if you talk to him, he tells you to go to Thrifty Megamart, and find some people who were looking for you. So leave the village through the southern exit to Route 14.

---------
ROUTE 14:
---------
Weather Forecast: Sometimes Rainy
Wild Pokemon: Cutiefly, Drampa, Salandit, Gengar, Blissey. Level 27-32.
Fishing (Old Rod): Tentacool and Finneon.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bruxish and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Super Rod): Tentacool, Finneon, Bruxish, and Wishiwashi.

Right at the start, grab a Max Potion. Go south and east along the path, beating three trainers along the way.
Swimmer Keoni
Pyukumuku LV 33

Fisherman Hisato
Feebas LV 31
Gyarados LV 31

Poke Maniac Kawika
Togedemaru LV 31
Gabite LV 31

Thrifty Megamart is at the end the biker outside is a Move Tutor for Twister. Grab a Max Revive to the west before you go in.

Inside is... another TR battle. Yay?
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie & James (1v1)
Mimikyu LV 34

The Pokémon you select to battle them will have the Ula’ula Trial Ribbon on it afterwards.

After you beat them, Acerola outside the Megamart will give you TM128 (Play Rough). Then go back to Tapu Village and fight Nanu again. Note that this time, he fights you in a 1v3. All three of his pokemon, vs just ONE of yours, so choose carefully.
ICONIC BATTLE
ISLAND KAHUNA NANU (1v3)
Krookodile LV 33
Sableye LV 33
Alolan Persian LV 33

The Pokémon you select to battle him will have the Ula’ula Grand Trial Ribbon on it afterwards.

You will get the Lycanium-Z when you defeat him. Also, the Safari Zone in Fuchsia City in Kanto has a new area for you to explore: Safari Zone Alola!

------------------
SAFARI ZONE ALOLA:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Grimer, Togedemaru, Alolan Graveler, Comfey, Alolan Vulpix, Steenee, Shiinotic, Passimian, Oranguru, Jangmo-o, Drampa, Turtonator.
Fishing (Old Rod): Pyukumuku, Wimpod.
Fishing (Good Rod): Bruxish, Mareanie, Dhelmise.
Fishing (Super Rod): Pyukumuku, Wimpod, Bruxish, Mareanie, Dhelmise.

As stated before, this is the only location where you can catch a Togedemaru for yourself at the moment.

There are 2 items: A PP Max and an Ice Stone. There's also a hidden Nugget: It's in the bush NW of the lake in the SW corner.

When you've caught what you want, head back to Kukui's House and sleep. On the way back, the Trumbeak on Route 1 has evolved into a Toucannon and will give you a Kebia Berry.

**************************************************************************
* DAY 21 -- XURKITREE, BLACEPHALON, MOUNT HOKULANI, AND THE MASKED ROYAL *
**************************************************************************
Kukui tells you that two Ultra Beasts were seen. Go to Route 2. Xurkitree and Blacephalon are at the shore in the NE part of the Route. Catch them and return to Kukui's House.
ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Xurkitree LV 35

ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Blacephalon LV 35

Now that errand is done, head to the lab. When you pass through Hau'oli City, you'll notice that the person who was guarding the easternmost house on the road has left. You can now enter and grab whatever is inside. It turns out to be... a Cosmog! This will come in handy if you're trying to have a living dex. Talk to Kukui and you'll be told that you're going to Hokulani Observatory now. To get there, first take the ship from Hau'oli City to Mount Lanakila. Go west and enter the cave that used to be blocked by a Boldore.

--------------------
MOUNT LANAKILA CAVE:
--------------------
Wild Pokemon: Alolan Sandshrew, Boldore, Alolan Raticate, Tyranitar, Alolan Sandslash. Level 29-32.

You start at an ice maze that has a Ghostium-Z in it. Go north and west to another ice maze. This one has Never-Melt Ice. In addition, once you collect it, go straight south and check the rock that stops you for an Ice Heal.

Go south, down the stairs, NW, then up the stairs for another ice maze. This one contains an Iron in the NW corner and TM124 (Arm Thrust) SE of that.

The next area is fairly open. It has the last ice field (but that one has nothing interesting). There is a Rare Candy hidden in a rock. Walk south from the northern ice maze and check the second rock to your east you pass (it's SW from the first rock).

Exit south to Mount Hokulani.

---------------
MOUNT HOKULANI:
---------------
Weather Forecast: Occasionally Snowy
Wild Pokemon: *Minior, Alolan Dugtrio, Ditto, Skarmory, Alolan Raichu. Level 32.

While this is a pretty large area, you can only move along a narrow path. First you'll see a boulder that hides a Moon Ball, then fight a trainer next to it.
Picnicker Jessica
Clefairy LV 35

The next boulder hides a Heavy Ball. There's a hole in the fence that leads to a grass patch and another trainer.
Poke Maniac Sky
Minior LV 33 x3

Go west and north from the hole for another two trainers.
Hiker Thomas
Alolan Geodude LV 35

Poke Maniac Todd
Passimian LV 33
Oranguru LV 33

Grab a Level Ball from the boulder there. Continue north to the final area.

Grab a Fast Ball from the boulder on your right -- that's the only boulder here that hides anything. The class is here, so talk to Kukui. You missed the tour. Bummer. Nothing to do but to go back. Lillie will ambush you once you enter the Mount Lanakila Cave and fight you.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix (Snowy) LV 36

Go back to Kukui's House and talk to Kukui. He'll send you to the Royal Avenue Battle Dome. Once there, you will team up with the Masked Royal. Beat the two trainers.
MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Mad Magma & Burglar Mr. Electric
Magmortar LV 37
Electivire LV 37

Head back towards the lab. 

That's all for today. Head back to the lab for some sleep.

******************************
* DAY 22: MINA AND STAKATAKA *
******************************
Today, Rotom suggests you head to the market in Hau'oli City. As you approach Lillie's mansion, you'll notice TS agents up to their usual business. This time, they're cornering a girl named Mina. Crush them.
ICONIC BATTLE
TS Tupp, Rapp, & Zipp
Salandit LV 37
Zubat LV 37
Yungoos LV 34
Garbodor LV 37

After they leave, Mina thanks you for your help and tells you about a strange pokemon hanging out near the school. Before we do that, talk to a new guy south of the Pokemon Centre. He will give you a Fairium-Z. Now let’s head back to Aether Paradise as another new guy shows up there. Left of the person who trades you a Togedemaru, there is a guy who will give you a Mewnium-Z. Now let’s head back to school. Stakataka is south of the school entrance. Let's fight (and catch) it.
Stakataka LV 40

That's all for today. Let's get some shut-eye.

****************************************************
* DAY 23: TR's MATORI MATRIX, LUNALA, AND NECROZMA *
****************************************************
The next day, Kukui is tired. Go to the school to learn that all adults are like that. You will have to go to Altar of the Sunne. Go to Hau'oli City and sail to Vast Poni Canyon. 
The canyon, however, has been overrun by TR Members. You'll face off against them as you make your way through the canyon. There are three grunts on the main path.
TR Stacy
Skarmory LV 38
Venomoth LV 38

TR Suzy
Zubat LV 40

TR Megan
Tauros LV 38
Doduo LV 38

Once you reach the cave entrance, there are two more agents guarding it.
MINOR ICONIC
TR Gozu
Aggron (Mega) LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
TR Matori
Alolan Meowth LV 40

Head inside the cave, and proceed north to Lunala. Make sure to grab the Lunalium-Z on your way. Fight and catch it - it's not heavy or fast so Timer Balls are recommended.
Lunala LV 42

Then talk to Lunala to enter Ultra Deep Space. There is Necrozma at the north end; catch it with Heavy Balls.
Necrozma LV 45

Once you've caught it, everything returns to normal. Make sure to grab the N-Solarizer and N-Lunarizer on the way out. They’re items which allow you to fuse Necrozma with Solgaleo and Lunala respectively. And now that everyone is awake... It's time to go home and sleep.

******************************************************************
* DAY 24: HAU, TAPU KOKO & GUZZLORD, AND VISITS FROM OLD FRIENDS *
******************************************************************
Rotom suggests that you go for a walk in the woods, so head up to Melemele Forest just west of the school. There's a new trainer in the first part of the path.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Pikala
Pikachu LV 37 x4
Pikachu LV 37 (Curly)
Pikachu LV 38 (Boss) (shiny)

Once you beat her, she'll give you the Pikanium-Z.

You meet Hau in the large clearing. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Hau
Dartrix LV 40

Afterwards, return to Route 1. Tapu Koko is right outside the School. Catch it. Note that Tapu Koko has the move Wild Charge, which does recoil damage, so it's risky to reduce it to 1HP. It's fast, so fast balls are recommended.
ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Tapu Koko LV 40

Immediately after that battle, you are transported by Tapu Koko to the Ultra Ruin and face a trainer with a Zeraora.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer Dia
Zeraora LV 40

After beating him he tells you of a Guzzlord that must be defeated before you can return to your world. Head north and catch the Guzzlord. As it's an Ultra Beast, Beast Balls are the best method of capture.
Guzzlord LV 45

After catching Guzzlord, you are transported back to Route 1 where you faced Tapu Koko. Rotom tells you that he just got a message from Kukui to head to the school for a 'surprise'.

The surprise turns out to be Misty, who has come to Alola on vacation. Fight her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Misty
Staryu LV 56
Psyduck LV 52
Gyarados LV 58 (Mega)
Corsola LV 51

After you beat her, she advises you to go challenge Brock who's also with her in Alola. He's chilling with Nurse Joy at the Pokemon Centre in town... some things never change. Go beat him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix LV 58 (Mega)
Sudowoodo LV 54
Geodude LV 51
Crobat LV 53
Comfey LV 38

That's it for today. Let's head back to Kukui's house and sleep.

**************************
* DAY 25: MY LITTLE PONI *
**************************
Go to school and sit in your spot to learn that you are going to Poni Island today -- and your goal is to do the final Grand Trial. So let's get to it! Go to Hau'oli City and talk to the bottom sailor (the one who can get you to Tapu Village). He will have a new destination now: Seafolk Village.

----------------
SEAFOLK VILLAGE:
----------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Wingull.
Fishing (Good Rod): Relicanth, Wailmer, and Dhelmise.
Fishing (Super Rod): Wingull, Relicanth, Wailmer, and Dhelmise.

When you arrive in the Seafolk Village harbour, go north and west along the 2nd pier. The man in the house will give you a Nugget. On the central platform is a girl who will give you a Smoke Ball.

To the west of the central platform, there's a dead end with a Waterium-Z. 

To the east of the central platform is a ship moored on the easterm pier. Inside, there are several cabins with trainers and items. In the main hallway, there's an older guy who'll give you a Mimikium-Z.

First cabin has 1 trainer and a Magmarizer.
Swimmer Marcus
Exeggcute LV 38 (shiny)

Second cabin has nothing, but the third cabin has another trainer and an Electirizer.
Tuber Kira
Sylveon LV 38

Towards the end of the hall is a vendor who will sell you Heart Scales for 100 apiece and Nectars to change your Oricorio’s form for 300 apiece. That's all inside the ship, so head back outside.

Note that both ships can be entered, but the other ship is full of nothing but NPCs, so nothing of note.

Outside the Pokemon Centre is a Move Tutor for Seed Bomb. The centre itself has a tuber that will give you a Lucky Punch.

Now head north into the Poni Wilds.

-----------
PONI WILDS:
-----------
Wild Pokemon: Oricorio, Trumbeak, Spinarak, Granbull, Gumshoos, Pinsir. Level 30-38.
Fishing (Old Rod): Wingull and Wishiwashi.
Fishing (Good Rod): Relicanth, Golduck, and *Meltan.
Fishing (Super Rod): Wingull, Wishiwashi, Relicanth, Golduck, and *Meltan.

Let's start by going west past a grass patch. There is a guy guarding the top of the stairs who won't let you pass without a Meltan, so we'll come back to him later. For now, head north and face a trainer.
Sailor Fil
Parasect LV 38
Ribombee LV 38

Grab the Rare Candy in the NW corner. There is also a hidden Big Pearl on the one empty tile inside a grass patch. Afterwards, retrace your steps back to the dock entrance.

This time, go east and north. Grab the Purple Nectar in the grass patch, then go further north to grab the Dusk Stone in the clearing.

Head east and face a trainer.
Painter Cara
Oricorio LV 38 (Sensu-style)

Continue east and pick up the TM123 (Slack Off) in the grass patch beyond the clump of trees. 

Head south and you'll see a ledge that can take you back to the entrance if you need to heal up. Continue east past two trainers that can be fought as a team if you choose to.
Cool Trainer Lindsey
Garbodor LV 38
Toxapex LV 38

Cool Trainer Kekoa
Skarmory LV 38
Sharpedo LV 38

Continue east and grab the Repeat Ball. Head north up onto the plateau and grab two items, a Babiri Berry and a Wacan Berry.

Head back south and now continue on east to the Ancient Poni Path.

------------------
ANCIENT PONI PATH:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: Oricorio, Trumbeak, Spinarak, Granbull, Gumshoos, Pinsir. Level 30-38.

First things first is to face off against TS who is guarding the entrance into the barren farm.
ICONIC BATTLE
TS Tupp, Rapp, & Zipp
Salandit LV 39
Zubat LV 39
Yungoos LV 35
Garbodor LV 39

Now that they're taken care of, go north through the fence and into the barren farm.

There are many Berry Patches here. We haven't seen these in a while. Feeling the nostalgia yet?

From left to right, they contain: 80 Hondew Berries, 8 Pamtre Berries, 80 Watmel Berries, 80 Apicot, Enigma, Durin, Liechi Berries, 2 Pecha Berries... then no berries? Oh wait, there's a hidden Revival Herb! Then there's 80 Belue Berries, 8 Cheri Berries, 80 Figy Berries, 8 Occa Berries, 80 Tamato Berries and 8 Payapa Berries. Excellent patch. 10/10.

Grab the visible PP Up, and then talk to Hapu, who accuses you of stealing her crops. You must fight her to convince her you mean no harm... weird logic, I know.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Hapu
Golurk LV 40

She tells you that she can't help you find the Island Kahuna at the moment, and Rotom Dex suggests that you return to Seafolk Village and inquire there.

Before you do so, there are several trainers and items that we can grab here.

Go back to the path and continue east until you hit the woods. In the grass patch south of you is a Shiny Stone.

North of the grass patch are a pair of guards blocking the entrance to Tapu Fini's home, so we'll leave it alone for now.

Ignore the northern path for now and head back to Seafolk Village. Lillie is waiting for you in the central plaza. Beat her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix (Snowy) LV 38

After fighting her, she tells you to talk to Gladion, her brother, who is back on the Ancient Poni Path.

Head back to the 3-way intersection on the Ancient Poni Path. Then head north and face the two trainers on the path.
Lass Aviar
Oricorio LV 36 x4 (all forms)

Poke Maniac Raymond
Turtonator LV 38
Drampa LV 38

After them, you encounter Gladion again. Beat him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Gladion
Lycanroc-Night LV 39

The boat at the end of the path is now accessible as a route to the Vast Poni Canyon. As you travel through the canyon again, go east, north, and west at the second fork. Here, roughly in the centre of the area, you will find Sophocles. Fight him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 37
Vikavolt LV 39

After beating him, he sends you to ask Lana about the Kahuna. Lana is at the Beach in the Poni Wilds, so return there. The guard by the western stairs who wanted to see a Meltan now allows you through (despite not actually having a Meltan). This means that you can also finally fish here and catch yourself a Meltan. But the real reason you're here is to fight Lana who appears next to the northern big rock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Brionne LV 39
Eevee LV 38 (Sandy)

She, too, does not know where the Island Kahuna is, but recommends that you should fight Tapu Fini now. Before you leave, check two tiles right and three tiles north from here to find a hidden Rare Candy.

The two guards at the western end of the Ancient Poni Path are now gone, allowing you to face Tapu Fini. Before you can face it though, you must fight Mallow, who is standing guard outside the entrance.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Tsareena LV 39

Now you can head past her and enter the Poni Breaker Coast.

-------------------
PONI BREAKER COAST:
-------------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Wimpod and Wingull.
Fishing (Good Rod): Relicanth, Sharpedo, and Tentacruel.
Fishing (Super Rod): Wimpod, Wingull, Relicanth, Sharpedo, and Tentacruel.

You can now enter the Poni Breaker Coast. Kiawe is waiting along the path for another fight.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 39
Alolan Marowak LV 40
Turtonator LV 40

In the lower section, there are three items to grab, a Gracidea, a Flyinium-Z, and a Max Revive. There's also another trainer close to the shore.
Tuber Jamie
Sandshrew LV 37
Vulpix LV 37
Geodude LV 37
Graveler LV 37

Below this trainer, you will find Tapu Fini. Net Balls are recommended.
Tapu Fini LV 40

Now we can head inside the cave.
Inside the cave... is no Tapu Fini either. We just missed it, apparently... but at least we get a consolation prize of being able to face the Hapu again as the new Island Kahuna.
ICONIC BATTLE
ISLAND KAHUNA HAPU (1v1)
Mudsdale LV 41

The Pokémon you select to battle her will have the Poni Grand Trial Ribbon on it afterwards.

Beating her gets you the Steelium-Z. Rotom Dex then tells you that you're done for today and to go back to sleep.

****************************************
* DAY 26: MELTAN, PHEROMOSA, AND GUZMA *
****************************************
When you wake up, it's time to head to the school again. There's an ICONIC LV 40 Meltan in the classroom, all alone and lonely... let's take it with us!

IMPORTANT NOTE: In order for Meltan to evolve, it must level up while HOLDING the Rare Candy, not by eating it.
After you get the Meltan, Head back outside... only for you to hear a commotion inside. Head back in to be confronted by TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie & James
Mimikyu LV 43
Mareanie LV 40
Wobbuffet LV 52

After you beat them, head out of the school again. Rotom Dex will let you know of another Ultra Beast that was spotted on Route 3. Head north there. Note that to the east of the entrance is a gift Zeraora. Be sure to grab that.

On Route 3, head north and you will see Pherosma to the right of the path. Catch it.
ICONIC ENCOUNTER
Pheromosa LV 40

Afterwards, head back to the school. Kukui is outside talking to Guzma about a possible Pokemon League. Guzma doesn't think it's needed, as he knows he's the strongest. Prove to him how wrong he is.
ICONIC BATTLE
Skull Boss Guzma
Golisopod LV 43

After you beat him, he leaves. Talk to Kukui, who then tells you to head home. 

******************************
* DAY 27: THE KANTONIAN GYM: *
******************************
When you wake up, Rotom Dex tells you to head for the school. In class, Kukui tells you that you're headed for Malie city today. There's reportedly even a gym there. There aren’t meant to be any gyms in Alola... right?

Before we go there, head back to Melemele Forest. A new pokeball containing a Cosmog showed up near the second trainer. Nice! This’ll come in handy if you’re trying to have a full living dex of all the pokemon in the game. Now to go to Malie City, take the boat to Tapu Village, then head east. The boulders that were blocking the path are now gone, allowing us to proceed to Route 12.

---------
ROUTE 12:
---------
Wild Pokemon: Pikipek, Eevee, Passimian, Froslass, Hariyama (LV 30 - 34) 

As you enter route 12, there are 2 grass patches with a trainer in between them to the north, and a beach to the south. Let's head south first.

The beach has 2 more trainers.
Swimmer Sara
Starmie LV 39

MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Hunter D
Seismitoad LV 39

Go south from the female trainer and turn right to find an X Attack nestled between the two boulders on the underside. You can also find a Burn Heal in the boulder above the male trainer, and a visible Psychium-Z. In the rock directly below it, there is a hidden Rare Candy. You can also find a hidden Big Pearl. Start by lining yourself east of the boulder where the Burn Heal was, then go one step up and the Big Pearl is in the tile west of you.

You're done here so head up into the grass patches and fight the trainer between them.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer De Rosa
Vikavolt LV 39

Follow the eastern patch to find a Hyper Potion. Follow the path up past a third grass patch and two more trainers. 
Cool Trainer Leilani
Tirtouga LV 39

ICONIC BATTLE
Youngster Horacio
Vikavolt LV 40 (Shiny)

Follow the path as it curves back and hop down into the grass patch with the two biker trainers.
Biker Yoko and Biker Lane
Pancham LV 39
Krokorok LV 39

Grab the Moon Stone below them. Follow the path down, but be sure to grab the PP Up in the rubble right before jumping back down to the starting area. Proceed back up the path and continue past two more grass patches. There will be a trainer and an Elixir at the top of the path as you turn left.
Poke Maniac Andrew (Double Battle)
Pinsir (Mega) LV 37
Magneton LV 37
Larvesta LV 37
Porygon2 LV 37

Proceed west to Route 11.

---------
ROUTE 11:
---------
Wild encounters: Pikipek, Hariyama, Froslass, Eevee, Passimian (LV 30 - 34)

Head into the lower grass patch to find a Quick Ball. In the inside bend of the grass (southeast of the double trainers), there is a hidden Stardust. Then, fight the pair of trainers in a double battle.
Cool Couple Sorano & Sho
Gengar LV 37
Clefable LV 38

Just northwest of them is a Big Mushroom in another grass patch. Go back to the path, which now splits into two. On the bottom, you'll find a trainer and a Marshadium-Z. West of it is a rock containing another Stardust.
Black Belt Alvaro
Bewear LV 39

The top path just has another trainer.
Black Belt Clay
Hariyama LV 39

Follow the path as it reconnects, grabbing a hidden Star Piece in the top left corner of the grass southwest of the final trainer of this route in the process. After that, fight him and head into Malie City.
Youngster Hayden
Dedenne LV 39

-----------
MALIE CITY:
-----------
There are six houses in front of you when you enter the city. In the closest house, you'll find a guy who'll give you some items when you beat the gym here. The second house up on the right has a girl who gives you a Twisted Spoon. The third house up on the left has a guy who gives out a Max Repel. To the northeast of the upper-right house is a guy who gives you a Nugget and a Larvitar that gives you a Yellow Apricorn.

East of here there is a green Poke Mart clone that sells type-enhancing items. It has two clerks. The upper one sells:
Hard Stone - 1000
Mystic Water - 1000
Magnet - 1000
Miracle Seed - 1000
Poison Barb - 1000
Twisted Spoon - 1000
Charcoal - 1000
Soft Sand - 1000

The bottom one sells:
Sharp Beak - 1000
Silver Powder - 1000
Silk Scarf - 1000
Spell Tag - 1000
Black Belt - 1000
Metal Coat - 1000
Never Melt Ice - 1000
Dragon Fang - 1000
Black Glasses - 1000

To the right of the shop is a Darkinium-Z and a Move Tutor for Sucker Punch.

To the northwest of the 6 houses is a guy whose Eevee are blocking the way. Depending on your answer, he'll give you two or three stones; whichever elements you DIDN'T pick. Two if you picked one of the elements, three if you picked neither. The choice here is obvious.

In the fenced area behind the Pokemon Centre is a girl who will trade her Happiny for a Pancham. The Centre itself has a woman who will give you a Reaper Cloth.

We've gotten all the goodies we can for now, so let's hit the gym. The leader, Ryuki, uses dragon types so plan accordingly.
Crush Girl Adrian
Jynx LV 37
Sealeo LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Charlie (no known pokemon in anime)
Cleffa LV 37
Ribombee LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Crush Girl Shirataki (no known pokemon in anime)
Snorlax LV 37
Cinccino LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Darley (no known pokemon in anime)
Araquanid LV 37
Toxapex LV 37
Pyukumuku LV 37

MINOR ICONIC
Black Belt Farley (no known pokemon in anime)
Turtonator LV 37
Salandit LV 37

Crush Girl Dallas
Lurantis LV 37
Dartrix LV 37
Shiinotic LV 37

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER RYUKI (Double Battle) (2v2)
Zweilous LV 41
Druddigon LV 41

When you beat him, he gives you a Kantonian Badge, and TM131 (Dragon Rush).

Now head back to the house closest to the entrance of Malie City and talk to the guy. You will receive: a Heat Rock, a Damp Rock, an Icy Rock, and a Smooth Rock. Head back to the lab and get some sleep.

****************************
* DAY 28: THE ALOLA LEAGUE *
****************************
When you wake up, Kukui tells you that there's been another Ultra Beast sighting. He recommends that you check in Hau'oli City. Let's head there.

Along the way, stop by the school grounds and pick up the Firium-Z to the west of the school entrance.

In Hau'oli City, head to Lillie's house, and approach the Ultra Beast on the eastern side of the house. However, Viren stops you, claiming that the pokemon destroyed his safe and he wants to make it pay. Fight him.
MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Viren
Electivire LV 38
Pangoro LV 38

After you beat him, he'll let you fight the Ultra Beast in peace.
Kartana LV 43

After you catch it, Rotom tells you to head back to the school. Before we do, however, head into Lillie’s house and enter the study to find a gift Magearna. Then head back to Vast Poni Canyon. Near the entrance to Altar of the Sunne is another Lv 30 Type: Null!

As you’re heading back to the school, be sure to pick up the Firium Z off to the left of the entrance. 

In class, Kukui announces that it’s time for the Alola League tournament. Take the southern ferry to Manalo Stadium.

---------------
MANALO STADIUM:
---------------
Wild Pokemon: Toucannon, Butterfree, Wingull, Ribombee, Vulpix, Krabby, Mudsdale, Graveler, Fomantis (LV 35 - 38)

You'll arrive at the stadium to see it's overflowing with TS Grunts. They're blocking all the usual shops as well. Face the Skull Trio blocking the entrance.
ICONIC BATTLE
TS Tupp, Rapp, & Zipp
Salandit LV 39
Zubat LV 39
Yungoos LV 35
Garbodor LV 39

After you beat them, the TS grunts all leave, and you can access the vendors. As usual, there's a berry shop, an incense shop, and a shop selling drinks.

Inside the stadium, business is blooming as usual. Register and head to the first stage, on the far left.

The first stage is a Battle Royale (yes, like the ones in Fortnite!). You must select one of your Pokémon and beat three of the trainers in order to proceed to the top 16. They can be any of the trainers in any order. The Pokémon you select will have the Manalo Ribbon after it’s selected.

If you head past Nanu and continue straight south (Mallow's Path), you will meet:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Psychic Arin
Gyarados LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Beauty Courtney
Tropius LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Ackrin
Minccino LV 45 (Shiny) (Ada)

If you head past Nanu and head southwest, you will meet:
LEAGUE BATTLE 
Swimmer Ashley
Talonflame LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Breeder Caty
Tauros LV 45

After this, the path splits 3 ways. Taking the far south-west route, making for Kiawe, you meet:
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Burglar Mad Magmar
Magmortar LV 45

If you take the straight west path towards Gladion, you will meet:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Ranger Rebecca
Boldore LV 45

Taking the northern option will have you facing:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Isana
Sneasel LV 45 (Shiny)

If you head past Nanu and head due west (towards Sophocles), you will meet:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Hiker Q
Kommo-o LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Engineer Kevin
Sudowoodo LV 45

MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Burglar Mr. Electric
Electivire LV 45

If you head past Hala and head west (towards Guzma), you will meet:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Bug Catcher Sammy
Pinsir LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Super Nerd Keith
Salamence LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Tuber Alex
Clawitzer LV 45

If you head past Hala and head north (towards Lana), you will meet:
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Kahili
Toucannon LV 45 (Touckey)

LEAGUE BATTLE
Youngster Roy
Alolan Sandslash LV 45

MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Rocker DJ Leo
Alolan Dugtrio LV 45 (J, A, & M) (Jessica, Ashley, and Michael)

If you head past Olivia and head north, you will fight:
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Youngster Hiroki
Mudbray LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Sailor Way
Primeape LV 45

MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Lass Pikala
Pikachu LV 45 (Bolt)

If you head past Hapu heading east and north, you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Painter Carol
Torkoal LV 45

MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Gentleman Oluolu
Snorlax LV 45

The path now splits. Heading towards Acerola means you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Black Belt Matthew
Araquanid LV 45

Heading towards Faba means you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Biker Jonny
Seel LV 45

If you head past Hapu heading south, you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Tamer Ron
Alolan Graveler LV 45

LEAGUE BATTLE
Crush Girl Amy
Skarmory LV 45

The path now splits three ways. Heading towards Samson Oak means you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Ranger Josh
Yungoos LV 45

Heading Towards Lillie means you will fight:
LEAGUE BATTLE
Swimmer Ren
Feebas LV 45

Taking the southern path means you will fight: 
MINOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Plumeria
Salazzle LV 45

Note that once you defeat one of the first options, all the other first option trainers will no longer fight you, this means that you can choose any combination of inner, mid, and outer ring trainers to fight. 

In terms of experience gained, the best combination is the following:
Ring 1: Kommo-o
Ring 2: Salamence
Ring 3: Magmortar or Electivire

WHEW! Now that that's over, we're in the top 16, and can proceed to the next stage, to the right of the first stage.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Scientist Faba (1v1)
Hypno LV 46

Now in the top 8, head to the centre stadium.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Hau (1v1)
Decidueye LV 46

Now in the semi-finals. Getting down to the wire, here...
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Skull Boss Guzma (2v2)
Scizor LV 47
Golisopod LV 48

The Pokémon you select to battle will have the Manalo Ribbon afterwards.

Now it's the finals. Your Mom and Prof. Oak have come to cheer you on, with the latter giving you a Rare Candy to evolve your Meltan when you show him one in case you’ve used all the Rare Candies in the game that you found so far. Head to the next stadium on your right.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Gladion (3v3)
Silvally LV 49
Zoroark LV 48
Lycanroc-Night LV 48

The Pokémon you select to battle will have the Manalo and Champion Ribbons afterwards.

After you beat him, congrats, you've won the league! You’ll get to see the famous Hall of Fame cutscene. After this, head back outside. There's a bit of a situation with some rowdy Guzzlord. Head around back to help the Masked Royal with his Guzzlord. There's also a free Naganadel to the left of them, in case you needed an extra one. Even though ours never had to leave us, which now gives us two Naganadel if we’d made sure to evolve our Poipole. Or, if we didn't, it now allows us to fill both slots in the PC for a complete living dex.

You might want to consider catching this Guzzlord as well. Not only is it LV 50, it's also shiny.

Once you beat/catch it, the Masked Royal will lose his mask, revealing... Professor Kukui. Who knew, eh? He now challenges you to a full 6v6 exhibition match. Let's head back inside for the grand finale.

It's on the same stage where the finals were.
MAJOR ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Professor Kukui
Incineroar LV 57
Braviary LV 54
Empoleon LV 54
Tapu Koko LV 56
Lucario LV 54
Venusaur LV 54

Once you beat him, he'll give you the Tapunium-Z. You'll be taken back to the main lobby, where everyone is gathered in a suffocating mass to congratulate you. Talk to Kukui again, and you'll be sent back to his lab for a good night's rest.

**********************************
* DAY 29: AFTER THE ALOLA LEAGUE *
**********************************
Once you wake up, Rotom Dex tells you to head to the school again. But first, there is a new trainer to fight on the northern edge of the docks of Hau’oli City (use the Lapras south of the Lab to quickly get there).
Bug Catcher Doug
Beedrill (Mega) LV 57
Armaldo LV 55
Galvantula LV 55
Paras LV 55
Yanmega LV 55
Ribombee LV 55

...apparently Doug likes to follow us through the regions for some reason. Anyway, head to school.
Kukui tells the class that their vacation is starting and the school will be on break. The class announces their intentions to split up and do different things.

As a going-away present, however, Kiawe wants to battle you one last time... I think we can oblige him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe (1v1)
Charizard LV 50

After you beat him, Rotom Dex announces that it's leaving as well to work with the Aether Foundation. Oh well. I guess that's one less thing following us around, plus you can use your bike and Fly again, so yay? Wait, isn’t there something else I’m forgetting about...? Oh right, you’d be able to use Escape Ropes too!

Once you've said your goodbyes, head back to Kanto, and talk to Oak again. He'll congratulate you on becoming Champion of Alola but has to cut the reunion short as he has to attend the opening of a new lab in Vermilion City. He invites you to join him, so let’s do that. But first, you can also put the World Cap on Pikachu from the right Cap Drawer in your room. Head to Vermilion City to start Gen 8.

---------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 8: THE JOURNEYS ARC
---------------------------------------

I didn't call this "GENERATION 8: THE GALAR REGION" for a reason. I'll elaborate in a little bit.

---------------
VERMILION CITY:
---------------
First, head into the new lab to witness the opening ceremony. Well, except it's been interrupted by a Lugia's been spotted near the pier. So naturally, we're going to check that out.

Once you get to the entrance of the pier, you'll see Lugia and meet Goh, who tells you that his dream is to catch Mew. Cool, I guess.

Now head back to the lab and walk up to Cerise, the new professor in town. He'll suggest that you become one of his research assistants, to which you have no choice but to accept. Oh well. 

Go upstairs and head to bed to start the next day.

Going downstairs, you'll be informed about your first assignment, which is to check out the mass outbreak of Ivysaur in town. He'll also give you a Rotom Phone, because Wynaut?

This would also be a good time to explain how this part of the game works. In the anime, Ash goes travelling across every region with Goh at his side. This means that this part of the game works very similarly to how Alola did, except on a much larger scale and that you don't have to go to bed to progress the story.

Anyway, head north towards Bill's Lighthouse and you'll see the outbreak. Walk into the empty middle section to see that Team Rocket's back up to no good again.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Gyarados LV 5
Tyranitar LV 5
Wobbuffet LV 53

It's nice how Gyarados and Tyranitar pop out of Rocket Balls like they did in the anime!

Once you've sent them blasting off again, head back to the lab and report back to Cerise. He'll then give you your ACTUAL first assignment that he intended on giving, which is to go to Galar and investigate a phenomenon causing Pokémon to grow giant.

Head to Saffron City and get the train to Wyndon. Galar here we come!!!

-------
WYNDON:
-------
Weather Forecast: Very rarely rainy

Lumiose City vibes anyone? This is a massive city. We'll explore by going in an anticlockwise direction. I'm not American, sorry not sorry. Though I will spell things how they are in the game, even if it triggers me.

Right outside of the train station is a Dawn Stone, then in the house right next to the train station, there's three people that'll give you an Exp. Candy S, Exp. Candy XL and a Rare Candy.

Then a bit further east, there'a mini park of sorts with an X Attack in the south section. After grabbing that, go north and enter the house to find a Silk Scarf lying around, waiting for you to take it.

Following the road west, there's an old guy that gives you a gift LV 10 Scorbunny. And that's our first catch from the Galar region!

Beyond the bridge further north, there's Wyndon Stadium. There's nothing of interest there at the moment apart from the Incense Shop outside with the usual incenses.

You could also try fishing here, but you'll find nothing since there aren't any encounters defined here.

West of Wyndon Stadium is Rose Tower. Nothing to do here either right now, but a guy outside will give you a Cell Battery.

Further west of that is a hotel called "The Rose of the Rondelands". You can talk to the receptionist here to get an Air Balloon. Outside of the hotel is a HP Up.

Cross the bridge south and continue heading down, grabbing the Full Restore on the right as you go. The first house that can be entered is a Café that sells Lemonade and Moomoo Milk. The woman inside will give you a Lemonade.

Left of the Pokémon Center is a shop that sells type-boosting gems, like the one back on Route 9 in Unova.

And that's all there is to do here for now. Head south so the guy (who I will refer to as the Flying Taxi from now on) can take you to the Wild Area.

----------
WILD AREA:
----------
The Wild Area... is massive. Even more so than any other area we've explored so far in the game. To put simply, there are 6 areas in the Wild Area, each with their own set of encounters and weathers. The further south you go, the stronger the wild Pokémon you can find.

Let's call the location you start off in "Area 1". It's the top left corner of the Wild Area and covers the area around the lake to the south west of where you start. It's also sunny here sometimes.
It contains a Full Restore, Energy Root and a hidden Big Mushroom in the bush south of the grass patch in the corner.

Area 1 Wild Pokémon: *Wooloo, *Rookidee, Maractus, Grubbin, Seedot, Snorlax. Level 5-15.
Fishing (Old Rod): Tympole and Goomy.
Fishing (Good Rod): Goomy and Tympole.
Fishing (Super Rod): Tympole and Goomy. (Level 15-25 unlike the above)

"Area 2" is the area east of where you start and spans south to roughly at the bottom of the grass patch on the east side. There is a sandstorm here sometimes.
It contains a Shed Shell, Stardust, Max Revive, Revival Herb and a guy that gives you a Hyper Potion.

Area 2 Wild Pokémon: *Stonjourner, *Sinistea, Hippopotas, *Galarian Yamask, *Dreepy, Phamtump, Flygon. Level 5-15.
Fishing (Old Rod): Frillish and Goomy.
Fishing (Good Rod): Goomy and Frillish.
Fishing (Super Rod): Frillish and Goomy. (Level 15-25)

If you bring a Galarian Yamask to the rock pillar next to the Max Revive (and interact with it) after it’s taken 49 HP of damage, it’ll evolve into a Runerigus.

Area 3 is the area south of Area 1 and spans south to the 2 flowers between the rock formation and the bridge. It can be foggy here sometimes.
It contains a Big Pearl, Rawst Berry, Heart Scale and a person that gives you a Heal Bell.

Area 3 Wild Pokémon: *Skwovet, *Nickit, *Blipbug, Boldore, Butterfree, Ribombee, Braviary. Level 20-35, but Braviary can go up to LV 35.

Area 4 is the area south of Area 2 and spans south to the bridge and is also where you currently need to go to progress the story. There's always clear skies here.
It contains a Soothe Bell, Big Mushroom and 2 hidden items - a Quick Ball in the rock in the sand and an Ultra Ball in the closest rock to the dead end.

Area 4 Wild Pokémon: *Applin, *Silicobra, Blipbug, *Sizzlipede, Braviary. Same levels as Area 3.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Arrokuda and *Cramorant.
Fishing (Good Rod): Cramorant and Arrokuda.
Fishing (Super Rod): Arrokuda and Cramorant. (Level 30-40)

Since we have to go through Area 4 to get to Areas 5 and 6, we may as well do the story stuff first.

Let's have our first battle with Goh.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Scorbunny LV 5

Easy enough. Now take care of the Snorlax.
ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Snorlax
Snorlax LV 10 (G-Max)

Note that since it’s like a trainer battle, you can’t catch these “Dynamax Pokémon”.

At this point you could go back to the lab to progress the story, but let’s explore Areas 5 and 6 first!

Area 5 is the area SW of the lake/river under the bridge. It rains here sometimes.
It contains a Heavy Ball, Kee Berry, Rare Candy and a hidden Lum Berry in a mini island with a cut tree. It’s to the left of the cut tree.

Area 5 Wild Pokémon: *Cufant, *Galarian Meowth, *Galarian Corsola, *Clobbopus, *Morpeko, Galarian Weezing, *Duraludon. Level 40-50, though Duraludons are level 50-60.
Fishing (Old Rod): *Chewtle and *Galarian Slowpoke.
Fishing (Good Rod): Galarian Slowpoke and Chewtle.
Fishing (Super Rod): Chewtle and Galarian Slowpoke. (Level 50-60)

Unfortunately, this is the only place you can find Duraludon and it's a 1% chance... good luck. There are also two boulders above the mount at the SW corner of the area - I’ll explain their purpose later when it’s more relevant.

Last but not least, Area 6. It's the area south of the bridge and spans west to the edge of the lake/river under the bridge. It snows here sometimes.
It contains a Lure Ball, Max Soup (which you can use on Pikachu to allow it to Gigantamax), Focus Sash, Leftovers, a hidden Full Restore in the eastern boulder and a hiker that'll give you a Choice Scarf.

Area 6 Wild Pokémon: *Gossifleur, *Snom, *Galarian Zigzagoon, Clobbopus, *Rolycoly, Joltik, Boltund. Same levels as Area 5.
Fishing (Old Rod): Galarian Corsola and *Galarian Stunfisk.
Fishing (Good Rod): Galarian Stunfisk and Galarian Corsola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Galarian Corsola and Galarian Stunfisk.

Here you can catch Boltund, but if you'd like a Yamper without breeding you'll have to wait a little bit.

Phew! That's the entire Wild Area in Fire Ash. Now head back to the lab to progress the story.

Cerise now suggests that you take a break and head to Hoenn's Battle Frontier by getting the 2nd ship from the left hand side of the pier.
HOENN BATTLE FRONTIER:
Unlike the one back in Kanto, this is just one place in Hoenn and is very short.

Outside, there's 2 vendors here (the left one sells berries, the right one sells drinks like the ones you find at leagues).

Inside, there's a Poké Mart and a competition called the Battle Frontier Flute Cup to enter. It consists of a room with 3 trainers that you have to beat to get the prize at the end.
MINOR ICONIC SET
Crush Girl Meg
Seviper LV 10

Camper Thomas
Linoone LV 10

Biker Hodge
Hariyama LV 12
Mightyena LV 12

The prize is a set of flutes: Blue Flute, Yellow Flute, Red Flute and White Flute. Your Pokémon even get a Winning Ribbon for winning!

Then, go back to Cerise and he'll tell you that Goh's on Dragonite Island. You can get there by taking the leftmost boat on the pier.

-----------------
DRAGONITE ISLAND:
-----------------
Wild Pokémon: Dratini, Dragonair, Dragonite (obviously). Level 12-18, except Dragonite which are LV 20.
There aren’t any fishing encounters defined here.

Stepping foot onto the Island, you'll see an ICONIC LV 13 Dragonite, with a Dragon Fang next to it.

Of course though, TR are up to no good again... let's send them blasting off again with our new buddy.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR Jessie and James
Wailord LV 14
Wobbuffet LV 53

Head back to Cerise and he'll tell you about the World Coronation Series. He'll tell you to hurry to watch the finals in Wyndon Stadium.

Outside Wyndon Stadium, there's a Drednaw blocking your way in. Only one thing to do - brute force your way in.
ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Drednaw
Drednaw LV 15 (G-Max)

Once you enter the Stadium, Leon gives you a Dynamax Band which'll allow you to Dynamax your Pokémon in battles, but only in certain locations. He then challenges you to a battle for you to test it out.

Talk to the guy at the top to accept the challenge.
ICONIC BATTLE
Champion Leon (1v1)
Charizard LV 18 (G-Max)

Back in the lobby, Goh offers to fast travel you back to Cerise's Lab. We may as well accept the invitation.

Cerise now tells you to go to the Colossus Ruins in the Desert Resort, on Unova Route 4. Goh offers to fast travel you again.

If you accept his offer, go north and enter the cave to the right. Otherwise, you could go to Nimbasa City and head south from there, since it's closer to that side.

--------------
DESERT RESORT:
--------------
Wild Pokémon: Sandile, Silicobra, Woobat, Yamask, Sandile, Cofagrigus, Golurk. Level 14-19, with Golurk going up to 21.

There's always a sandstorm here and encounters can happen anywhere on this map.

We're going to explore this area in a sort of anti-clockwise spiral. To start off with, go west for a trainer battle:
Hiker Agro
Stufful LV 19
Woobat LV 19
Growlithe LV 19

North of him is another trainer:
Hiker Garrett
Sandile LV 18
Munchlax LV 19

Go NE to find a Heart Scale. Then go north then west around the ruins to find a Max Ether, then go further west to find an Exp Candy XL and another trainer.
Hiker Grant
Roggenrola LV 19 x2
Silicobra LV 18

Then go south for a Fire Stone, then hug the bottom wall and follow it to find a Black Glasses and a third trainer.
Hiker Harry
Eevee LV 18
Sentret LV 18
Herdier LV 18

Then go north for a Ground Gem and one more trainer before going into the ruins.
Hiker Peppy
Yamask LV 21

---------------
COLOSSUS RUINS:
---------------
No encounters here.

Go up and left to find the first trainer in the ruins:
MINOR ICONIC
Pokémon Ranger Kira
Meditite LV 19
Braviary LV 19

Then go left and down for another trainer:
MINOR ICONIC
Hiker Leader
Litwick LV 19
Lampent LV 19

Don’t go past him though, because there’s nothing of value there. Instead go all the way left to get a visible Star Piece. Then go back to the intersection and up for the penultimate trainer here:
MINOR ICONIC
Poké Mainiac Shane Seeker
Psyduck LV 19 (Shiny)
Onix LV 18 (Shiny)
Swinub LV 18 (Shiny)
Bagon LV 18 (Shiny)
Slakoth LV 18 (Shiny)

Then go up for another battle with Goh.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Scorbunny LV 18
Beedrill LV 19
Darmanitan LV 19
Golurk LV 21
Sandile LV 15

The last thing to do here is to talk to Goh and accept his offer to go back to the lab.

---------------
VERMILION CITY:
---------------
Now we get into the meat and potatoes of Pokémon Journeys: The Pokémon World Championships - wait no, I mean the World Coronation Series, otherwise known as the WCS. Talk to Cerise to register for it. You’ll be placed in the Normal Class (the lowest of the low) and then be instantly matched up with Visquez, who’s currently in the Vermilion City Gym in Lt. Surge’s place.

Before going there though, go upstairs to find an ICONIC LV 20 Gengar to add to your team.

The gym now has two new trainers (who can be fought in a double battle) before you can face Visquez.
MINOR ICONIC
Rocker Steve (no known Pokémon in the anime)
Yamper LV 20

MINOR ICONIC
Engineer Tony
Electabuzz LV 20

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Crush Girl Visquez (2v2)
Raichu LV 23
Electrode LV 21

Once you exit the Gym, your Rotom Phone tells you about your next opponent in the WCS - Oliver in Vermilion City, who’s in the middle of the light grass patch outside the lab.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Cool Trainer Oliver
Meganium LV 23 (Stanium)

After that, your next opponent is Hayden, who’s also located in Vermilion City. He’s outside the Pokémon Centre.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Tamer Hayden
Tauros LV 23

Then, ignore Cerise and go into the Pokémon Centre and Nurse Joy wants you to take care of an egg that’s refusing to hatch... whatever that means. The egg contains an ICONIC Riolu and will hatch very quickly. If you choose not to take it here though (or can’t because you have a full party), Nurse Joy will spawn outside the Pokémon Centre

Return to the lab and talk to Cerise, who tells you to go to the Resort Area in Sinnoh. We can get there by taking the leftmost ship in the pier.

----------
ROUTE 229:
----------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Sunny
Wild Pokémon: Volbeat, Roselia, Gossifleur, Surskit, Lombre, Applin, Illumise, Venonat, Purugly. Levels 18-23.
Fishing (Old Rod): Goldeen and Magikarp.
Fishing (Good Rod): Magikarp and Goldeen.
Fishing (Super Rod): Goldeen and Magikarp. Levels 28-33.
Go up and face a trainer.
Cool Trainer Claire
Granbull LV 23

Then go south to find a Berry Patch containing 10 Razz Berries and 3 Lum Berries with a Trainer.
Cool Trainer Sandra
Mightyena LV 22
Kirlia LV 22

Going south takes you directly to the Resort Area, but you may as well explore the rest of the route. Go back to where the first trainer was and go up and left around the trees to face another trainer and find a Thunder Stone.
Cool Trainer Fellin
Spinda LV 22
Kecleon LV 22

Then go down and right into a dead end. Interact with a rock to find a Big Mushroom and a Reaper Cloth at the end of the dead end. After that, go all the way west to fight the final trainer on this route.
Cool Trainer Deshawn
Duskull LV 21
Bagon LV 21

------------
RESORT AREA:
------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Sunny
Fishing (Old Rod): Magikarp. Levels 18-23.
Fishing (Good Rod): Magikarp. Levels 1-50.
Fishing (Super Rod): Magikarp. Levels 1-100.

There is a Mansion in the NE corner to explore. The study’s off-limits, but in the first room you come across, there’s a woman that gives you an Eviolite. The leftmost room is where you’ll heal your Pokémon when you need to. Head back outside.

The SW corner of the area has a Berry Patch containing 10 Chesto Berries and 3 Lum Berries. Then head east and fight the TR grunts.
TR Johnny
Skuntank LV 23

TR Jamenson
Purugly LV 23

TR Geraldo
Toxicroak LV 23

TR Prince
Rhyperior LV 23

Between the first and second grunts is a Berry Patch containing 3 Pomeg Berries and 10 Rawst Berries.

After talking to the grunt next to the water, head back to the lab to find out about a tournament happening in Shalour City. Again, take Goh’s offer to fast travel.

-------------
SHALOUR CITY:
-------------
Head into the building in the NE corner of the City, though talk to the Galarian Weezing for a Fairy Gem first.

Talk to the guy at the counter to enter a room with WCS trainers.
MINOR ICONIC WCS SET
Lass Kendra (1v1)
Goomy LV 25

Black Belt Tywan (1v1)
Crabrawler LV 25

Fisherman Lob (1v1)
Clawitzer LV 25

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Gym Leader Korrina (2v2)
Mienshao LV 29
Lucario LV 33 (Mega)

Beating her puts us in the Great Class. Sweet!

Head back to the lab to find out that Leon’s having another exhibition match. Goh will offer to fast travel you again; accept his offer.

-------
WYNDON:
-------
Next to the pond outside the train station is now a gift Sobble that you can add to your team. Then, head NE to find Goh and Sonia and talk with the latter to hear her ramble about the Darkest Day (foreshadowing???).

On the bridge on the way to the stadium is an ICONIC LV 25 Galarian Farfetch’d holding... a fourth Leek. Seriously, who needs that many? Anyway, to evolve it, you need it to land 3 critical hits in ONE battle, so the Leek is handy.

Sonia already told us that the match between Leon and Raihan is already over, so talk to Raihan instead. Then head outside to get another WCS battle, this time against Tony in Vermilion City’s Gym.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE (1v1)
Engineer Tony
Electabuzz LV 25

Then head into the Pokémon Centre to find your next opponent - Kricketina Kylie (the one that looks like a picnicker).
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE (1v1)
Picknicker Kricketina Kylie
Heracross LV 25

There are also multiple trades available here now, going clockwise from Kylie they are:
Your Psyduck for his Stunfisk
Your Sylveon for her Cufant
Wailord for her Zorua
Spearow for his Farfetch’d

Head back to the lab and talk to Cerise, who tells you that Goh’s at the back, in Cerise Park, waiting for a battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Raboot LV 27
Heracross LV 25
Poliwag LV 20
Scyther LV 26
Farfetch’d LV 23
Sobble LV 23

After the battle, your Rotom Phone tells you that your next WCS battle is in Saffron City’s Dojo, so let’s head there.

-------------
SAFFRON CITY:
-------------
The black belts will fight you, regardless of whether you previously fought them or not.

Black Belt Braden
Hitmonlee LV 25 x2

Black Belt Aron
Hitmonchan LV 25 x2

Crush Girl Terri
Hitmonchan LV 25
Hitmonlee LV 25

Black Belt Kyle
Hitmonchan LV 28

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Gym Leader Bea (2v2)
Hawlucha LV 26
Grapploct LV 27

Ash actually loses to her and his next few battles, which is why your ranking goes down. Now head back to Vermilion City for your next opponent.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE (1v1)
Youngster Electon
Octillery LV 26

Your next opponent is the lass to the right of him.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE (1v1)
Lass Val
Tentacruel LV 26

... and we drop back to the Normal Class. Fantastic. Let’s head back to the lab so that Cerise can tell us about a sandstorm that’s devastating Mauville City. Accept Goh’s offer to fast travel.

--------------
MAUVILLE CITY:
--------------
Wild encounters: Trapinch and Vibrava. Levels 24-27.

There are 5 trainers to battle before getting to the source of the sandstorm.
Lady Renata
Machamp LV 26
Nickit LV 26
Mr. Mime LV 26

Camper Hira
Mothim LV 28

Bug Catcher Chen
Larvesta LV 26
Pinsir LV 26 (Mega)
Masquerain LV 26

Cool Trainer Dakota
Herdier LV 26
Bergmite LV 26
Avalugg LV 26

Camper Kendall
Milotic LV 26
Sewaddle LV 26
Weavile LV 26
Galarian Linoone LV 26

Surprise, surprise! It turns out that the source of the sandstorm was a LV 29 Flygon! Defeat it or catch it.

Once you do either, you’ll be fast travelled back to Cerise’s lab (you don’t get a choice here). Cerise will tell you that Kukui wants you to visit Alola again. So take up Goh’s offer to fast travel you there.

---------------
POKÉMON SCHOOL:
---------------
Take your seat again, like we did not too long ago and then battle one of your classmates.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 38
Vikavolt LV 40

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Tsareena LV 39

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Primarina LV 40
Eevee LV 39 (Sandy)

ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 51
Turtonator LV 51
Alolan Marowak LV 51

Then head to Pewter City for another WCS battle. Carmo is outside the Fossil Museum.
MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Cool Trainer Carmo (2v2)
Umbreon LV 27
Toucannon LV 27

This gets us back into the Great Class again! Nice, but doesn’t feel as meaningful as the first time round... anyway, we get a rematch with Bea at the Cianwood City Gym.

--------------
CIANWOOD CITY:
--------------
Before going into the gym, talk to the Kingdra NE of the gym for a Dragon Gem. And now, time for the rematch!
Gym Leader Bea (2v2)
Hitmontop LV 30
Grapploct LV 31

When you exit the gym, tells you to go to Route 10, where he’s found a Zapdos. Let’s help him, since he’s fast travelled us so many times. To get there, go east from Vermilion to Route 11, then go SE, since the guard will now let you pass.
KANTO ROUTE 10:
Weather Forecast: Rarely Stormy
Wild Pokémon: Spearow, Geodude, Raticate, Ekans, Sandshrew, *Yamper, Magnemite, *Toxel. Levels 25 - 29.
Fishing (Old Rod): Krabby and Poliwhirl.
Fishing (Good Rod): Poliwhirl and Horsea.
Fishing (Super Rod): Krabby and Poliwhirl. Levels 25-39.

This is your first chance to get a Toxel and a Yamper (if you didn’t breed Boltund).

There are 2 trainers on this side of the route.
Cool Trainer Mable
Omastar LV 28
Kabutops LV 28
Aerodactyl LV 28

Scientist Humphrey
Voltorb LV 30

There’s a visible Max Ether in front of the gentleman with the Voltorb. Then go up and send TR blasting off again.
TR Jessie and James
Rhydon LV 30
Stunfisk LV 30
Wobbuffet LV 54

Go into the Power Plant.

------------------
KANTO POWER PLANT:
------------------
Wild Pokémon: Magnemite, Magneton, Voltorb, Electabuzz, Yamper, Toxel. Levels 27-30 for the first three, Level 31 for the latter three.

As soon as you go in, you’re forced to team up with Goh. This provides free healing after every battle you have with him, which is nice to have. The path is actually quite linear here with many multi battles and items throughout.
Scientists Ray and Vencel
Voltorb LV 30 -- Pikachu LV 30
Raichu LV 30 -- Raichu LV 30

Pick up the PP Up and fight the next two battles.
Scientists Malo and Pat
Electabuzz LV 30 – Elekid LV 30 -- Electivire LV 30
Voltorb LV 30 -- Electrode LV 30 -- Voltorb LV 30

Scientists McKinley and Cecil
Charjabug LV 32
Magnezone LV 32

Then go all the way left for a Rare Candy, then go right and down to fight a trainer.
Scientist Pat
Voltorb LV 30
Electrode LV 30
Voltorb LV 30

Grab the Max Elixir in the dead end, then go left, down and grab the Thunder Stone near the corner. Then go right to fight two more battles before getting to Zapdos.
Scientists Bernard and Tristen
Magnemite LV 30 -- Electabuzz LV 30 -- Yamper LV 30
Electabuzz LV 30  -- Magneton LV 30

Scientists Roddy and Peeta
Toxtricity LV 30 -- Yamper LV 30
Electabuzz LV 30

ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Zapdos
Zapdos LV 40
Electabuzz LV 30

Bear in mind that this is also like a trainer battle (like the Dynamax Pokémon), so you can’t catch Zapdos here. Once you beat Zapdos, you’ll be taken to the lab. Talk to Cerise and he’ll tell you to go to Wedgehurst to speak with Prof. Mangolia by getting the train from Saffron City.

-----------------
SLUMBERING WEALD:
-----------------
or not. Deja vu, we’re in a different area to what was advertised AGAIN!

Weather Forecast: Always Foggy
Wild Pokémon: Bunnelby, Blipbug, Munna, Skwovet, Rookidee. Levels 28-33.

This area foggy all the time, so I’d recommend following these steps:
1) Head north until you come across bushes in a V-shape. Hidden in the bottom one is a Mental Herb, then go around them and grab the Smoke Ball.
2) Go north until you get into a fork in the road. Take the right hand side and check the boulder in the dead end for an Elixir.
3) Go back to the fork and take the western path this time. Don’t walk into the gap between the two bushes first - go around the trees and grab the Life Orb first. Then walk into the gap.
4) Head back south and battle the Centiskorch. You can Dynamax here too!

ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Centiskorch
Centiskorch LV 35 (Centy; G-Max)

Once you beat it, walk to the right to go back to Wyndon.

-------
WYNDON:
-------
Head NE and battle the Pangroro.
ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Pangoro
Pangoro LV 35 (D-Max)

Then, head to Rose Tower by crossing the bridge and going west. Battle the Coalossal.
ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Coalossal
Coalossal LV 35 (G-Max)

Head inside into Rose Tower and talk to Oleana (the woman guarding the lift). Then talk to Rose, who essentially wants to sponsor you... given his previous dialogue, that’s shady. Talk to Oleana again to get out of there.

After the phone call, use the Pokémon Centre teleport or go back to the Flying Taxi and go to Hammerlocke.

------------
HAMMERLOCKE:
------------
Fishing (Old Rod): Cramorant and Goomy.
Fishing (Good Rod): Goomy and Cramorant.
Fishing (Super Rod): Cramorant and Goomy. Levels 25-39.

Despite the world ending stuff that’s happening, we can actually just take our time to explore this city.

Let’s start by going east from the Flying Taxi. In the easternmost house there’s a Move Maniac and a Move Deleter. In the NE corner there’s a visible Sweet Apple and a woman in the house that’ll give you a Dire Hit.

Then go back to the Flying Taxi and head west. There’s a Dreepy on a bench that gives you a Shed Shell. NW of it is a guy that’ll tell you about how all trade evolutions in the game have been changed and NE is a restaurant with trainers for you to battle.
Cool Trainer Neil
Wobbuffet LV 32
Alcremie LV 32
Bayleef LV 32

Cool Trainer Aimee
Mantine LV 31
Joltik LV 32
Thievul LV 32

Cool Trainer Barb
Electrode LV 31
Swadloon LV 35
Victreebel LV 31
Magmortar LV 31

Cool Trainer Philip
Sirfetch’d LV 31
Hattrem LV 31
Galarian Corsola LV 31
Koffing LV 31
Indeedee LV 31

Cool Trainer Zalta
Stonjourner LV 31 x2
Rhydon LV 33

Near Barb is a Strawberry Sweet.

Next to the restaurant is a Game Corner. Pokémon offered here are:
Galarian Meowth - 180 coins
*Milcery - 500 coins
Dreepy - 2800 coins
*Falinks - 5500 coins
*Kubfu - 9999 coins

Items offered here are:
Metronome - 1000 coins
Life Orb - 1000 coins
Leftovers - 1000 coins
Lucky Egg - 1600 coins
Ability Patch - 5000 coins

Going back to Area 5 of the Wild Area, if you interact with one of the coloured boulders with a Kubfu in your party, they’ll evolve into the Urshifu form which corresponds with that colour.

Ability Patches can change a Pokémon’s ability to its hidden ability, then back to its first ability slot.

West of the Game Corner is another Brilliant Judge. South of him in the park is a Wise Glasses.

Now that we’ve explored the city, enter the gym. There’s a Move Tutor for Steel Beam here, but take the elevator down. It turns out that Rose was behind the Dynamaxed Pokémon we had to battle. Wow, who would’ve guessed?
ICONIC BATTLE
Chairman Rose (Double Battle)
Ferrothorn LV 36
Copperajah LV 38

Then take the elevator back up and go up the elevator the guard was blocking before. You’ll team up with Goh again, this time to stop Eternatus. Make sure you’re prepared as there’s no going back once you’ve teamed up with him!
ICONIC BATTLE
Dynamax Pokémon Eternatus and Meowth
Eternatus LV 50 (E-Max)
Meowth LV 25 (G-Max)

Once you beat it, you’ll be sent back to Cerise’s lab. But first, you can go back to the Slumbering Weald and catch Zacian and Zamazenta, both of which are at LV 50. They also have their item that turns them into their crowned forms behind them, being the Rusted Sword and Rusted Shield respectively.

Next up is a few more (off screened) WCS battles! Head to Saffron City; Maike is near Route 24 gatehouse.
WCS BATTLE
Crush Girl Maike (1v1)
Scraggy LV 37

Your next opponent is Riven in Goldenrod City. He’s the Camper outside the Magnet Train station.
WCS BATTLE
Camper Riven (1v1)
Sableye LV 37

After that, go to Mistralton City to face Patrick. He’s the Black Belt outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Black Belt Patrick (1v1)
Shiftry LV 37

Then head back to the lab and talk to Cerise, who tells you to go to Cero Island to meet up with Goh. You can get there by taking the leftmost ship on the pier.

------------
CERO ISLAND:
------------
Head up through the woods, then talk to Mewtwo to battle it. Unfortunately you don’t get to catch it here if you accidentally KOed the Mewtwo back in the Viridian Gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Mewtwo
Mewtwo LV 45

Once you defeat it, you’ll be teleported back to Cerise’s lab. Then talk to Cerise so that Goh can take you to the Wild Area for some fossils. But you don't have to accept his invitation yet - we can now catch some Galarian Pokémon in the Safari Zone!

------------------
SAFARI ZONE GALAR:
------------------
Wild Pokemon: Greedent, Appletun, Flapple, Dreepy, Corvisquire, Hattrem, Morgrem, Carkol, Gossifleur, Orbeetle, Toxel.
Fishing (Old Rod): Chewtle, Clobbopus.
Fishing (Good Rod): Pincurchin, Arrokuda, Cursola.
Fishing (Super Rod): Chewtle, Clobbopus, Pincurchin, Arrokuda, Cursola.

There are 2 visible items: A Moon Stone at the north end of the lake and a PP Up near the south-east of the lake, surrounded by green shrubs.

Also, when you walk into this section, there's a 4x3 grass patch sticking out slightly NE of you. In the shrub directly to the right of the top right tile, there is a hidden Nugget.

Go back to the lab and let Goh take you to the Wild Area, or go there yourself.

Talk to the male and female scientists in Area 4 for an LV 35 Arctovolt and ICONIC LV 35 Dracovish respectively, then have another battle with Goh.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cinderace LV 36
Arctozolt LV 35
Sobble LV 34
Boldore LV 35

Then head to Iki Town to have another WCS battle. Johan is the Swimmer outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Swimmer Johan (1v1)
Lunatone LV 38

Your next opponent is in Floaroma Town - Ariel is the Lass outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Lass Ariel (1v1)
Pupitar LV 38

Then, head to Sootopolis City. Kate is also a Lass outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Lass Kate (1v1)
Larvitar LV 38

Head to Dendemille Town and battle the Tamer outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Tamer Muse (1v1)
Spinda LV 38

Your next opponent is Dozer on Route 10 in Kanto, but not near the Kanto Power Plant where we battled Zapdos before. Instead head north from Lavender Town to go to another part of Route 10. Technically we could’ve come here sooner, but the trainers’ Pokémon are scaled so that this is when we’re supposed to come here.

---------------
KANTO ROUTE 10:
---------------
Start by going up to face a trainer.
Picknicker MJ
Cherrim LV 38

Dozer’s directly north of here, but we’ll explore this part of Route 10 first by going in an anticlockwise direction. Go NE to face another trainer.
Tamer Laxton
Voltorb LV 37
Dugtrio LV 37

Continue your way anticlockwise around the outer part of the route and face another trainer.
Black Belt Calvin
Primeape LV 37
Clobbopus LV 37
Poliwhirl LV 37

Then go west for a Carbos. Blocking the cave is a Hiker that’ll take you to the other side of Route 10, but ignore him and go down the stairs to fight a trainer.
Poké Maniac Draden
Steelix LV 37
Golem LV 37

Jump down the ledge for another trainer before going north of the entrance to fight Dozer.
Black Belt JakJak
Escavalier LV 37
Munchlax LV 37
Spinarak LV 37

MINOR ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Hiker Dozer (1v1)
Gurdurr LV 38

Then you’re forced into a battle with another trainer before you can go back to the lab.
ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Cool Trainer Rinto (1v1)
Gallade LV 38

Be sure to grab the Max Revive to the NW before heading back to Cerise’s lab and he tells you to go to Glimwood Tangle. Accept Goh’s offer to fast travel to Hammerlocke, then head west out of the city to get to Route 6.

--------------
GALAR ROUTE 6:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely a Sandstorm
Wild Pokémon: Silicobra, Rolycoly, Corvisquire, Sizzlipede, Galarian Yamask, Torkoal and Falinks. Levels 31-36.

No new Pokémon here, unfortunately. Head west and battle the first trainer here.
Scientist Iwan
Pawniard LV 37
Togetic LV 37

Then go up the stairs and battle a second trainer.
Picknicker Ruth
Throh LV 36
Stunky LV 36
Galarian Linoone LV 36
Galarian Yamask LV 38

Go NW up the stairs and search the rock in the middle for an Ultra Ball, then up another set of stairs for a battle.
Camper Duncan
Koffing LV 37
Sudowoodo LV 37

Head west up some more stairs to get a visible Rare Candy, then talk to the male and female scientists next to the rock for a Dracozolt and Arctovish respectively. Then head back to where the second trainer was and take the NE stairs this time to find another trainer.
Beauty Nicola
Skorupi LV 37
Pawniard LV 37

Then head east up the stairs for a Rare Bone, then south for another trainer and an Ultra Ball in a boulder near her.
Picknicker Diane
Sawk LV 38

Go west into the dead end and grab the Light Clay, then retrace your steps back to where Nicola was and continue north for the last trainer here.
Beauty Anita
Clefairy LV 37
Clefable LV 37

Continue north then west to reach Stow-on-Side.

-------------
STOW-ON-SIDE:
-------------
West from where you start are two vendors. From right to left:
First vendor sells:
Magnet - 1000
Metal Coat - 1000
Metronome - 4000
Miracle Seed - 1000
Miracle Water - 1000
Never-Melt Ice - 1000
Poison Barb - 1000
Protective Pads - 4000
Sweet Apple - 2200
Tart Apple - 2200

Second vendor sells:
Binding Band - 4000
Black Belt - 1000
Black Glasses - 1000
Black Sludge - 4000
Charcoal - 1000
Chipped Pot - 1600
Cracked Pot - 1600
Dragon Fang - 1000
Focus Band - 4000
Galarica Cuff - 3000
Galarica Wreath - 3000

The Cracked Pot allows Phony Form Sinistea to evolve into Phony Form Polteageist, whereas the Chipped Pot allows Antique Form Sinistea to evolve into Antique Form Polteageist.

There’s a Leavanny south of the first vendor that’ll give you a pair of Safety Goggles and in the house between the two vendors is a guy that’ll give you a Dusk Stone.

Then head down the stairs and talk to the guy for a Beast Ball, then grab the Rocky Helmet above him.

Go back and go west around the houses to grab a Metal Coat next to the left side of the stairs.

Head NE from the stairs to grab another Max Revive and to go to Glimwood Tangle.

----------------
GLIMWOOD TANGLE:
----------------
Weather Forecast: Fog - extremely rare
Wild Pokémon: *Galarian Ponyta, *Hantenna, *Impidimp, Morelull, Phantump, Swirlix, Spritzee, Sinistea, *Indeedee, Galarian Rapidash. Levels 30-37, except Rapidash which is only encountered at Level 38.

Head east and follow the winding path through the trees to encounter a LV 50 Zarude. Fast Balls work well here. Then head back to where you came in and grab a Full Heal north of there. Then go SW and follow the path for a Bright Power, then jump the ledge and go east for a double battle.
Cool Couple Robert & Jackie
Ninetales LV 38
Kirlia LV 38

Go around the trees behind them for a Hyper Potion, then continue west to get to the western edge of the forest. Follow the path north and east to get to another trainer.
Beauty Judy
Indeedee LV 37 x2

Jump the ledges, picking up the Big Root on the way, then battle the last trainer here before exiting the Tangle.
Juggler Derek
Milcery LV 37
Sinistea LV 37
Shiinotic LV 37
BALLONLEA:
Weather Forecast: Rarely Rainy

The house SW of the gym has a guy that’ll give you a Choice Scarf. Apart from that, there’s nothing else here so talk to Opal and answer her questions:
1) Purple
2) 16 years old
3) Ponyta

The Pokémon Centre teleport will be updated to include Stow-on-Side and Ballonlea as teleport locations. Go back to Stow-on-Side for another WCS battle. Harry will be outside the Pokémon Centre.
WCS BATTLE
Black Belt Harry (2v2)
Thwakey LV 38
Gabite LV 38

Then Cerise calls you and tells you to go to Lumiose City and take the blimp to the Castle of Chivalry.

-------------------
CASTLE OF CHIVALRY:
-------------------
Not much to do here apart from a battle with Wikstrom and a Metal Coat in the leftmost room.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Wikstrom
Aegislash LV 40
Klefki LV 37
Dedenne LV 37
Honedge LV 37
Probopass LV 39
Escavalier LV 39

Then go back to Vermilion City for a rematch with Rinto!
Cool Trainer Rinto
Gallade LV 39

There’s also a gift LV 37 Grookey next to the Fan Club now and a few new trainers on the path to Route 11.
Cool Couple Devi and Multa
Plusle LV 40
Minun LV 40

MINOR ICONIC
Gambler Shell Sage
Turtwig LV 38
Torterra LV 38
Torkoal LV 38
Turtonator LV 38
Tirtouga LV 38
Blastoise LV 38

Then go to Opelucid City for a battle against Iris.

--------------
OPELUCID CITY:
--------------
The Applin next to the Pokémon Centre has evolved and will now give you a Focus Sash.

Then go into the Gym to battle two trainers (who can be fought in a double battle).
Cool Trainer Jose
Fraxure LV 39 x2

Cool Trainer Dara
Deino LV 39
Druddigon LV 39

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Champion Iris
Dragonite LV 44
Haxorus LV 42

This puts us in the Ultra Class! Then, head back to Oak’s Corral. After the chat about Project Mew, head to the NW Corner and battle Moltres.
ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Moltres
Moltres LV 45

Head into the lab for a battle with TR.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR’s Jessie and James
Morpeko LV 40
Natu LV 35
Zigzagoon LV 35
Wobbuffet LV 55

Then talk to Cerise to learn about Goh’s Project Mew mission. Goh will then offer to fast travel you to Route 207 so that you can go to Mt. Coronet.

------------
MT. CORONET:
------------
Weather Forecast: Always Snowy
Wild Pokémon: Clefairy, Zubat, Machop, Nosepass, Chingling, Bronzor. Levels 33-38.

This area is really just a long path that wraps around the mountain, making you go in an anticlockwise direction.

In this first grass patch, fight a trainer and grab the visible PP Up.
Cool Trainer Gabi
Empoleon LV 41
Lucario LV 41
Porygon-Z LV 41

Then go east to fight another trainer.
Cool Trainer Scham
Glaceon LV 43

Grab the Ether at the dead end, then go up the stairs and follow the path for another trainer.
Cool Trainer Vin
Magnezone LV 41
Lumineon LV 41

Going past her, you’ll see an item ball. You have to go all the way north, go down some stairs then go all the way back. It’s a Rare Candy so it’s pretty worth it.

Go back to the stairs and take the top path first to grab a visible Sun Stone. Then go back and face the trainer, though search the top rock in the two rocks to the east of him for a Full Restore.
Cool Trainer Revur
Torterra LV 41
Probopass LV 41

Continue west and face the last trainer here.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Quillon
Weavile LV 41
Urshifu LV 43 (Single Strike)

Then talk to Goh and he’ll take you back to the lab. Talk to Cerise to find out that people in Sinnoh are suffering from nightmares... that sounds bad. Let’s let Goh fast travel us to Floaroma Town, though we actually want to be in the Meadow.

----------------
FLOAROMA MEADOW:
----------------
Ah yes, it’s TR with their usual shenanigans. Let’s just beat up all of them.
TR Johnny
Skuntank LV 42

TR Geraldo
Toxicroak LV 42

TR Jamenson
Purugly LV 42

TR Prince
Rhyperior LV 42

TR Matori
Alolan Meowth LV 43

Then talk to Dawn for a battle with her.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 50
Mamoswine LV 50
Quilava LV 48
Buneary LV 49
Pachirisu LV 49
Togekiss LV 48

Goh then takes you back to the lab, but he’s actually out at the park at the back, waiting for another battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cinderace LV 44
Scizor LV 42
Drowzee LV 40
Greedent LV 40
Pyukumuku LV 40
Grookey LV 10

Let's make a quick detour back to Alola first. South of Kukui’s lab is a pair of trainers that want to battle Alola’s Champion.
MINOR ICONIC
Youngster Phil and Mayshure
Kommo-o LV 43
Alolan Geodude LV 42
Bruxish LV 42
Passinian LV 42

Then go to the Sunnyshore City gym for your next WCS battle.

----------------
SUNNYSHORE CITY:
----------------
The trainers in the gym will fight you again.
Rocker Lonnie
Raichu LV 47
Luxio LV 45 x2

Rocker Jerry
Magnemite LV 44
Luxio LV 44 x2

Youngster Forrest
Pikachu LV 42
Pikachu LV 42
Magneton LV 47

Lass Tiera
Pikachu LV 42
Pikachu LV 42
Pachirisu LV 47

Cool Trainer Destiny
Electabuzz LV 47
Raichu LV 48

Cool Trainer Zachery
Electabuzz LV 47
Magneton LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
GYM LEADER VOLKNER Round 1 (3v3)
Luxray LV 51
Electivire LV 47
Rotom-Fan LV 45

Once you exit the gym, Goh calls, asking for you to meet him at the Colossus Ruins (if you’ve forgotten where that is, it’s at Unova Route 4).

---------------
COLOSSUS RUINS:
---------------
When you go south from the intersection, you’ll notice that a new path has opened! That’ll probably take us to Goh, right?

There are 5 trainers in this new part of the ruins.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Danika
Azumarill LV 44
Urshifu LV 46 (Rapid Strike)

MINOR ICONIC SET
Burglar Rito
Zweilous LV 46

Burglar Hito
Conkeldurr LV 46

Burglar Pito
Eelektross LV 46

Burglar Nito
Galvantula LV 46
Krokorok LV 46

At the end of the path you’ll find Goh and a Shiny Volcarona for you to catch. After you do, Goh takes you back to the lab. There’s a new trainer outside the lab, first.
MINOR ICONIC
Burglar Gizmo Bit
Keckleon LV 45

Cerise then tells you that Opal wants you to go to the Ballonlea gym and Goh offers to take you there, but first, let’s battle a few more trainers that have popped up on the path to Route 11.
MINOR ICONIC
Poké Maniac Bluto
Meowstic LV 46
Seismitoad LV 46
Croagunk LV 46

MINOR ICONIC
Poké Maniac Gorman
Dewott LV 46
Phanpy LV 46
Nidorina LV 46

Now accept Goh’s fast travel offer.

----------
BALLONLEA:
----------
Talk to the guard in the stadium lobby to be taken to the stadium for a battle against Opal.
Gym Leader Opal
Alcremie LV 45 (G-Max)

Once you beat her, she makes everyone clear out, but you can go back inside! Talking to one of the chefs, depending on the time of day, will determine what cream your Milcery has when it becomes an Alcremie.

If you come here during the day, the chefs (from left to right) will give you an Alcremie that is a Vanilla Cream, Ruby Cream, Mint Cream or Lemon Cream. During the night the chefs give you an Alcremie that is a Macha Cream, Salted Cream, Ruby Swirl or Caramel Swirl. If you come between 7pm and 8pm, a fifth chef will appear in the middle of them - giving you a Rainbow Swirl Alcremie.

After that, you can go back to the lobby and buy a sweet for your Milcery to hold. Then level it up and it’ll evolve into an Alcremie with the cream from the chef you picked and the sweet you gave it.

Once you’ve obtained as many Alcremie forms as you want, head to Stow-on-Side again and enter the gym on the right.

-------------
STOW-ON-SIDE:
-------------
There are 4 trainers in the gym before you can battle Bea.
Black Belt Issac
Toxicroak LV 47
Heracross LV 47
Conkeldurr LV 47
Kubfu LV 47

Black Belt Logan
Poliwag LV 47
Infernape LV 47

Black Belt Seth
Gallade LV 46 x2
Sawk LV 47

Black Belt Brett
Medicham LV 47
Breloom LV 47

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Gym Leader Bea (3v3)
Grapploct LV 49
Hawlucha LV 48
Machamp LV 48 (G-Max)

On the path to Route 11 is another new trainer.
MINOR ICONIC
Lass Regina
Glaceon LV 47 (Mirche)

Then head back to the lab to find out that Pokémon all around the world are turning back into eggs! What??? Accept Goh’s fast travel offer to help fix this mess. Then enter the portal next to the Pokémon Centre in Sandgem Town to take you to an alternate version of Mt. Coronet.

------------
MT. CORONET:
------------
Oh. It’s just TR again. Let’s beat them up again.

TR Alternate Prince and Alternate Geraldo
Rhyperior LV 47
Toxicroak LV 47

TR Alternate Johnny and Alternate Jamenson
Skuntank LV 47
Purugly LV 47

ICONIC BATTLE
TR Alternate James and Alternate Jessie
Meowth LV 48
Wobbuffet LV 48

Then battle Dialga and Palkia.
ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Dialga and Palkia
Dialga LV 50
Palkia LV 50

Once you beat them, you’ll be taken back to Sandgem Town. If you talk to Goh, he’ll take you back to the lab with him.

Then, talk to Cerise to find out that Allister wants to meet you in his gym. Take up Goh’s fast travel offer and head to the gym on the left in Stow-on-Side.

There are four trainers in Allister’s gym.
Channeler Wun
Shedinja LV 48
Mimikyu LV 48
Palossand LV 48 x2

Channeler Belle
Froslass LV 48
Drakloak LV 48 (Shiny)
Runerigus LV 47

Channeler Cindy
Umbreon LV 48
Alolan Marowak LV 48
Gengar LV 49

Channeler Harriet
Dusclops LV 48
Spiritomb LV 48

Then talk to Allister for a Max Soup (Ash uses it on his Gengar). If you want more, the vendor next to him sells them for 10000 each. When you exit the gym, Dawn calls you to go to Canalave City. She’ll be in the library.

But first, we can actually catch the Galarian Birds in the Wild Area! Galarian Moltres is in Area 2 next to the pillar where you evolve Galarian Yamask, Galarian Zapdos is in Area 4, NE of the scientists that gave you the Galarian fossil Pokémon and Galarian Articuno is in Area 5 (if you just head SW from the long bridge you’ll see it).

They’re all LV 50 and I recommend using Fast Balls on Zapdos (since it's fast), and Timer Balls on the other 2, like with their Kantonian counterparts.

In the library, talk to Cynthia and she’ll give you one of the starter Pokémon from Legends: Arceus to choose from: Rowlet, Cyndaquil and Oshawott (or none, but why would you pass up a free Pokémon???). They’ll be at LV 35.

Something’s up, so you’re taken to Oreburgh City. Enter the Pokémon Centre and battle Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix LV 59 (Mega)
Blissey LV 49
Croagunk LV 50

You’ll then be taken to Mt. Coronet again, where TG are back up to no good. Let’s take out their lieutenants.
ICONIC BATTLE
TG Jupiter
Skuntank LV 50

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Mars
Purugly LV 50
Bronzor LV 48

ICONIC BATTLE
TG Saturn
Bronzor LV 48
Toxicroak LV 51

Then you’ll have to face Heatran.
ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Heatran
Heatran LV 55

Once you’re teleported back to Cerise’s lab, head to Mossdeep City Space Centre to battle Sophocles.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 50
Vikavolt LV 52

Then head to Wyndon Stadium for another WCS battle... or uhh, not? It’s in Spikemuth, according to the Team Yell (will be abbreviated TY from now on) grunts...

Go east to a new area: Route 7!

--------------
GALAR ROUTE 7:
--------------
Wild Pokémon: Galarian Zigzagoon, Milcery, Galarian Meowth, Galarian Farfetch’d, *Pinchurchin, Runerigus, rarely Alcremie. Levels 40-43, except Alcremie which is always Level 45.

In the first grass patch, battle a trainer and grab the visible Pomeg Berry.
Camper Caden
Rillaboom LV 52
Kingler LV 52
Eldegoss LV 52
Perrserker LV 52

Grab the Quick Ball in the flower above the grass patch before continuing east for another trainer.
Bird Keeper Salz
Talonflame LV 52
Braviary LV 52
Ribombee LV 52

There’s a pair of Safety Goggles next to him, then instead of battling the bikers guarding the bridge, go south first for two more trainers.
Bird Keeper Elliot
Gliscor LV 52
Crobat LV 52
Delibird LV 52

Bird Keeper Jamie
Staraptor LV 52
Unfezant LV 52

In the dead end there’s a Choice Specs and a hidden Quick Ball in the tile right below the tree. Then go and battle the bikers, but grab the hidden Quick Ball in the flower near the top biker first.
Biker Quinn
Lycanroc LV 52
Slacking LV 52
Golem LV 52

Biker Mat
Swalot LV 52
Komala LV 52
Bisharp LV 52

Continue east to Route 9.

--------------
GALAR ROUTE 9:
--------------
Weather Forecast: Rarely Snowy
Wild Pokémon: *Eiscue, *Galarian Darumaka, *Snom, *Galarian Mr. Mime, Galarian Zigzagoon, Pincurchin.

This is a very open route with 6 trainers and a LOT of new Pokémon.
Lady Elizabeth (rip the UK’s Queen)
Garbodor LV 52
Shelgon LV 52
Flapple LV 52

Fisherman Carter
Goomy LV 52
Arctovish LV 52
Eiscue LV 52

Lady Haowpp
Raikou LV 55

Lass Mai
Bissey LV 52
Exploud LV 52
Aggron LV 52

FIsherman Harry
Barraskewda LV 52
Lanturn LV 52

Lass Sunny
Gloom LV 52
Helioptile LV 52
Sunkern LV 52
Cottonee LV 52
Petilil LV 52

There are also 5 items around here:
Galarica Cuff (in the NW corner)
Max Potion (east of the Galarica Cuff)
Ice Stone (in a grass patch east of the Max Potion)
Zoom Lens (south of the Ice Stone, past the fencing)
Big Pearl (south of the gate to Spikemuth)

Continue north through the gate into Spikemuth.

----------
SPIKEMUTH:
----------
This town, quite literally, is just made up of a single street leading up to Piers’s “gym”. Yeah, it’s... boring, like how it was in the main series games.

Battle the TY Grunts to get to the gym, where Marnie should be.
TY Gus
Galarian Linoone LV 53
Thievul LV 53

TY Jay
Drapion LV 53
Liepard LV 53 x2

TY Drake
Scrafty LV 53 x3

TY Barney
Weavile LV 53
Galarian Linoone LV 53

TY Derrel
Thievul LV 53 x3

TY Johnn
Galarian Linoone LV 53 x2

Then, talk to Piers, who tells you that that battle with Marnie is in Wyndon Stadium after all... sigh. At least Piers is a good sport and takes us back there.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Marnie
Grimmsnarl LV 55 (G-Max)

Then head back to the lab and talk to Goh, who wants help for his next Project Mew mission. He’ll take you to Cinnabar Island, but you want to talk to the sailor that took you to the Cinnabar gym to get to the Seafoam Islands, which is where the mission actually is.

----------------
SEAFOAM ISLANDS:
----------------
Wild Pokémon: Shellder, Zubat, Geodude, Graveler, Jynx, Slowpoke,  Golbat, Dewgong, Cloyster. Levels 45-51, with Cloyster at Level 53.

This is quite a tricky place to navigate, so I’d recommend following the steps below.

Head north up the plateau and battle two trainers, heading east and ignoring the ladder.
Cool Trainer Shaun
Cloyster LV 54
Golbat LV 54
Venusaur LV 54

Cool Trainer Aina
Nidoking LV 54
Butterfree LV 54
Meloetta LV 54

Grab the Grip Claw, then jump down the hole, then grab the Heart Scale and head back all the way to the entrance and go east from there for another trainer.
Cool Trainer Cady
Lapras LV 58

Grab the Max Repel and jump down the hole, and then the next hole, to get a Big Pearl and face another trainer before meeting Gary.
Cool Trainer Billie
Obstagoon LV 54
Pinsir LV 54
Raichu LV 54

Then go up the ladder, ignore the next ladder, and face another trainer.
Cool Trainer Kev
Dewgong LV 54
Castform LV 54
Snorunt LV 54
Abomasnow LV 54

Go up and face another trainer before taking the ladder down.
Cool Trainer Cameron
Tyranitar LV 58

Then go SE for a battle.
Cool Trainer Dude
Arcanine LV 54
Persian LV 54
Victreebel LV 54
Seadra LV 54

Go SE and head up the ladder for a Red Card, then go back down to grab a Carbos and to face another trainer.
Cool Trainer Kilo
Typhlosion LV 58

Go west and take the ladder down. Go up, battle another trainer and grab the visible Focus Sash first before going east.
Cool Trainer Mach
Golbat LV 54 x2
Crobat LV 56

ICONIC BATTLE
Camper Horace
Bayleef LV 55
Gardevoir LV 55
Indeedee LV 55

Then face the final two trainers here before you can face Articuno.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainers Sterling and Lyla
Vikavolt LV 55 -- Galarian Darmitan LV 55 -- Runerigus LV 55
Liepard LV 55 -- Frosmoth LV 55 -- Sandaconda LV 55

ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Articuno
Articuno LV 60

Then you’ll be teleported back to Vermilion City. Head into the lab to find out that your next opponent is Drasna, at the Kalos League (Lumiose City). But actually, you want to go to the gym first for a battle against Clemont.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont (Double Battle)
Chespin LV 55
Diggersby LV 58
Dedenne LV 52
Luxray LV 61

Go into the Kalos League building and talk to the finals guard to battle Drasna.
ICONIC BATTLE
Elite Four Drasna (2v2)
Noivern LV 59
Altaria LV 60 (Mega)

Head to Lilycove City and battle Wallace, who’s outside the Contest Hall.
ICONIC BATTLE (3v3)
Gym Leader Wallace
Milotic LV 61
Swampert LV 60
Walrein LV 60

Then enter the Contest Hall and talk to Serena - oh except we can’t since she’s surrounded by people. Oh well, we’ll see her again, so let’s leave - wait no, she comes out for a battle. Alright, that was weird.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Performer Serena
Delphox LV 59
Pancham LV 55
Sylveon LV 57

Next up is a WCS battle against Raihan at his gym in Hammerlocke, but there’s two new trainers that you have to beat first.
Cool Trainer Aria (Double Battle)
Abomasnow LV 58
Beartic LV 58
Kommo-o LV 58
Alolan Ninetales LV 58

Cool Trainer Camilla (Double Battle)
Ninetales LV 58
Turtonator LV 58
Cinderace LV 58
Victreebel LV 58

ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Raihan (3v3)
Flygon LV 61
Goodra LV 61
Duraludon LV 63 (G-Max)

Then go back to Cerise, who tells you to go to Freezington by using the train from Wyndon. Though actually, you don’t have to go back to him first, you can just go straight there.

------------
FREEZINGTON:
------------
Weather Forecast: Snowy almost all the time

There are 4 houses here and they’re placed in a way that resembles compass directions. The western house has a Move Maniac, the northern house has a woman that’ll give you a Master Ball and the eastern house has a healer.

There’s also many items around here, visible and hidden. There’s four visible ones:
Exp. Candy XL (in the NW corner of town)
Blunder Policy (in the fields in the middle of town)
Utility Umbrella (outside the eastern house)
Galarica Wreath (near a woman and a Vanillish in te SE corner of town)

Lastly, there’s six hidden Exp. Candy XL here in the soil patches. 
First there’s one south of the western house. Take 5 steps down from the door and interact with the tile below you.
Four in the middle fields:
The first is in the top left corner of the second soil patch from the left on the top row, the second is in the top right corner of the second soil patch from the right on the top row, the third is in the bottom right corner of the middle soil patch on the bottom row and the fourth is in the bottom right corner of the fields. You might have to be on the tile to find the item, rather than next to it.
The sixth candy is in the top right corner of the second soil patch to the east of the southern house.

Phew! There were a lot of items. Head NE through the clearing into Crown Tundra.

-------------
CROWN TUNDRA:
-------------
Weather Forecast: Always a Blizzard
Wild Pokémon: Piloswine, Galarian Darumaka, Glalie, Galarian Mr. Mime, Cryogonal, Weavile, Mamoswine, Magmar, Dubwool. Levels 43-49.

Very open route, even more so than Route 9. There are 9 trainers here.
Pokémon Ranger Persa
Sableye LV 58
Braviary LV 60
Garchomp LV 60

Pokémon Ranger Dash
Rhydon LV 58
Glalie LV 58
Bouffalant LV 58
Gigalith LV 58

Pokémon Ranger Gus
Carkol LV 58
Scizor LV 59 (Mega)

Pokémon Ranger Sararah
Donphan LV 62

Pokémon Ranger Freddie
Happiny LV 59
Chansey LV 59
Blissey LV 59
Audino LV 59
Comfey LV 59

Pokémon Ranger Donna
Togekiss LV 60
Rhyperior LV 60
Zweilous LV 60

Pokémon Ranger Kippy
Polteageist LV 59
Audino LV 59
Turtonator LV 59

Pokémon Ranger Yunin
Corviknight LV 60
Skuntank LV 60

Pokémon Ranger Fauna
Gallade LV 59
Grimmsnarl LV 59
Golduck LV 59

There are 9 items here.
Full Restore (in the NW corner of the route)
Snowball (SE of Gus)
Snowball (near Sararah)
Odd Incense (west of Freddie)
Moon Ball (hidden in a rock SW of the Incense)
Quick Ball (hidden in a rock near Kippy)
Ice Stone (near Kippy)
Exp. Candy M (in a dead end east of Donna)
Comet Shard (east of the candy)

There’s also a healer east of Gus.

In the NE corner, there’s a battle with Lillie, who’s guarding the house.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix LV 48 (Snowy)

Enter the house and talk to the gentleman, who’s actually Mohn, Lillie’s long lost father! Well, that’s one happy ending.

You’ll be taken back to the Pokémon School in Alola. Take your seat and you’ll be taken to the Battle Royal Dome for a Battle Royal, for not-so-old times sake.
ICONIC BATTLE
Masked Royal and Pokémon Trainer Kiawe
Incineroar Lv 59
Alolan Marowak LV 54

Then go back to Oak’s Corral for a battle against Paul.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Paul
Gyarados LV 60
Garchomp LV 60
Metagross LV 60

Goh calls you up for a battle in Cerise Park.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cinderace LV 55
Aerodactyl LV 50
Regieleki LV 60
Inteleon LV 54
Ferrothorn LV 49
Grookey LV 15

Go to Wyndon Stadium and beat the guy blocking your way.
MINOR ICONIC
Pokémon Trainer Hop
Wooloo LV 12

Attend the opening ceremony, but don’t battle Steven yet, because there’s a lot we can do now.

First off, we can go to Wedgehurst by taking the train!

-----------
WEDGEHURST:
-----------
In the northern part of the town, there’s a Corviknight that’ll give you a Lansat Berry. There’s also a Rare Candy to the east of it.

Then head to Prof. Magnolia’s Lab, grabbing the Revive before going in. After a talk with Magnolia, Galar will FINALLY be added to the regional teleport. You can also grab the LV 50 Eternatus from the Darkest Day on the table next to her.

We can now catch Spectrier and Glastrier in the Wild Area now and they are next to boulders in the middle of Area 5 and near three isolated trees in Area 6 respectively.

We can also catch their rider, Calyrex, in the middle fields of Freezington now. There’s also a guy that’ll give us another Calyrex in the eastern house. Next, we can also go into the Split-Decision Ruins in the Crown Tundra, now that the guard’s gone, to catch Regieleki and Regidraco. There’s also a Fast and Heavy Ball outside the ruins.

That’s everything we can do now, so head back to Wyndon Stadium.

-------------------------
MASTERS EIGHT TOURNAMENT:
-------------------------
Talk to the guard to battle Steven.

ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Champion Steven
Metagross LV 65 (Mega; Shiny)
Aggron LV 64
Cradily LV 64

Then talk to the guard again to battle Cynthia.
VERY ICONIC WCS BATTLE
Champion Cynthia
Spiritomb LV 69
Gastrodon LV 69
Roserade LV 69
Milotic LV 69
Togekiss LV 69 (D-Max)
Garchomp LV 72

Then head outside to deal with TR, who are somewhere in the middle of the city.
ICONIC BATTLE
TR’s Jessie and James
Morpeko LV 50
Morgrem LV 45
Dubwool LV 45
Hattrem LV 45
Stonjourner LV 45
Wobbuffet LV 56

Once you do that, talk to the guard to battle Leon!
EXTREMELY ICONIC BATTLE
Champion Leon
Cinderace LV 75
Inteleon LV 75
Mr. Rime LV 75
Dragapult LV 75
Rillaboom LV 75
Charizard LV 80 (G-Max)

When you beat him, you see all the Pokémon that Ash caught along the way... it really was a long journey, huh. And here, the credits roll...

... except that it’s not quite the end of the game yet. First off, now that you’ve defeated Leon, you can now access a Hyper Trainer in the Rose of the Ronderlands hotel. If you give the guy a Bottle Cap, you get to max out one of your Pokémon’s IVs, but if you give him a Gold Bottle Cap, you get to max out all of them! Only catch is that the Pokémon has to be level 100.

Anyway, head back to Vermilion City and talk to Goh, who’s near the pier. Lugia will then show up for you to battle.
ICONIC BATTLE
Legendary Pokémon Lugia
Lugia LV 75

Then, talk to Cerise for the last time. He’ll bid you farewell, give you a Rotomi (which lets you access your Pokémon Storage wherever you want) as a gift and give you some parting advice: to check your Rotom Phone often. Right now, using it tells us to go to Route 26 in Kanto, so let’s go there.

-----------------------------------------------------------
START OF GENERATION 8.5: THE AIM TO BE A POKÉMON MASTER ARC
-----------------------------------------------------------

---------------
KANTO ROUTE 26:
---------------
There’s some new trainers to fight here on the way to whatever’s here.

Psychic Kippy
Malamar LV 58
Bruxish LV 58
Solosis LV 58
Orbeetle LV 59

Youngster Harold
Necrozma LV 59
Gabite LV 58
Shiftry LV 58
Ariados LV 58

Crush Girl Nance
Tranquil LV 58
Goodra LV 58
Cofagrigus LV 58
Ditto LV 59

Bird Keeper Sonic
Buzzwole LV 58
Absol LV 59 (Mega)
Vibrava LV 58
Frosmoth LV 58

Then head to where Deoxys was and oh, it’s TR again.
TR Jessie and James
ICONIC BATTLE
Morpeko LV 51
Wobbuffet LV 57

Talk to Latias and it’ll run off... we’ll see it again, I suppose. Rotom Phone now tells us to go to Kalos Route 8. You can’t access it from the Route 7 side, so you’ll have to go to Cyllage City first.

--------------
KALOS ROUTE 8:
--------------
Like with Route 26, there’s new trainers here too.

Swimmer Hera
Cleffa LV 58
Diglett LV 59
Scorbunny LV 58
Stonjourner LV 58

Lass Rawli
Stufful LV 58
Tyranitar LV 58
Galarian Slowking LV 59
Gigalith LV 58

Lass Tullip
Shuckle LV 58
Comfey LV 58
Plusle LV 59
Cacnea LV 58

Fisherman Finn
Kommo-o LV 58
Lycanroc LV 59 (Dusk)
Barbaracle LV 58
Dreepy LV 58

At the end of it is another battle with Misty.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Misty
Starmie LV 53
Politoed LV 58
Psyduck LV 58
Gyarados LV 60 (Mega)
Azurill LV 54
Clauncher LV 57

After that, Rotom Phone will tell you to go to Ballonlea.

----------------
GLIMWOOD TANGLE:
----------------
Outside the Pokémon Centre is Cilan, who challenges you to battle before going into Glimwood Tangle with him.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cilan
Pansage LV 57
Stunfisk LV 52
Crustle LV 59

Head all the way to the SW part of the forest to find Brock, fighting new trainers along the way.
Biker Archie
Boltund LV 59
Kartana LV 58
Dottler LV 58
Drifblim LV 59

Gambler Hirem
Quagsire LV 58
Bellsprout LV 59
Bastiodon LV 58
Qwilfish LV 58

Psychic Annabelle
Yungoos LV 58
Cufant LV 58
Machoke LV 58
Chimecho LV 59

Biker Garr
Morpeko LV 58
Stufful LV 58
Aegislash LV 59
Sylveon LV 58

Garr will give you a Max Revive after you beat him. Then face Brock.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix LV 61 (Mega)
Forretress LV 56
Marshtomp LV 54
Ludicolo LV 55
Croagunk LV 59

Go up and catch/defeat the wild LV 59 Hatterene. Rotom Phone will then tell you to go to Route 216. You can’t go there from Snowpoint City however, so go from east from Eterna City via Route 211 to get to Route 216.

----------
ROUTE 211:
----------
Two new trainers here.
Engineer TanK
Zapdos LV 59
Alolan Geodude LV 58
Dedenne LV 58
Frogadier LV 58

Hiker Robbert
Gible LV 58
Beedrill LV 58
Servine LV 59
Skarmory LV 58
ROUTE 216:
Two more trainers before you can get to Beartic.

Hiker Alec
Klang LV 58
Gastrodon LV 59
Almaldo LV 58
Espeon LV 58

Lass Veronica
Ninetales LV 58
Alolan Exeggutor LV 58
Lopunny LV 58 (Mega)
Girafarig LV 59

Capture/defeat the LV 59 Beartic. Then Rotom Phone says to go to Vermilion City.

---------------
VERMILION CITY:
---------------
Go and send TR blasting off again for a reunion with the Squirtle Squad.
Hiker Steven
Sinistea LV 58
Donphan LV 59
Hisuian Goodra LV 58
Hisuian Zoroark LV 58

Beauty Sabrina
Froslass LV 58
Slugma LV 58
Sobble LV 58
Medicham LV 59

Bird Keeper Ashen
Staravia LV 58
Minior LV 59
Prinplup LV 58
Skitty LV 58

Beauty Melanie
Floette LV 58
Alolan Raichu LV 58
Minun LV 58
Perrserker LV 59

TR’s Jessie and James
Morpeko LV 52
Wobbuffet LV 58

Rotom Phone then tells you to go to Route 32. Quickest way there would be to go east from Azalea Town, as the bridge on Route 32 is blocked on the other side.

---------
ROUTE 32:
---------
More new trainers here.
Bird Keeper Reginald
Fletchling LV 58
Drilbur LV 58
Dunsparce LV 58
Rowlet LV 59

Swimmer Lindy
Gallade LV 58
Whiscash LV 58
Forretress LV 59
Bronzor LV 58

Swimmer Casey
Rotom-Wash LV 58
Ludicolo LV 59
Shellder LV 58
Seadra LV 58

Swimmer Cooper
Hisuian Samurott LV 59
Basculegion LV 58
Gorebyss LV 58
Croconaw LV 58

Then, talk to Lapras, who’ll take you to a rock to free a stranded Wailmer. Rotom Phone will now tell you to go to Rustboro City.

--------------
RUSTBORO CITY:
--------------
Talk to the Banette that’s wandering around, then try and help find its trainer. If you want to skip the search, its trainer is actually Nurse Joy in the Pokémon Centre. Otherwise you can battle some trainers outside first.
Lass Birdie
Spoink LV 59
Marienie LV 58
Meditite LV 58
Alakazam LV 58

Black Belt Oakly
Mankey LV 58
Poliwrath LV 59
Combusken LV 58
Farfetch’d LV 58

Lass Peach
Galarian Zigzagoon LV 58
Marshadow LV 59
Golbat LV 58
Pawniard LV 58

Hiker Ali
Tyrantrum LV 58
Golett LV 58
Wormadam LV 59
Kabuto LV 58

If you haven’t already, head to the Pokémon Centre now and talk to Nurse Joy. Rotom Phone will now tell you to go to Kanto Route 19.

---------------
KANTO ROUTE 19:
---------------
More new trainers here.
Pokémon Breeder Eight
Pichu LV 59
Chansey LV 58
Swadloon LV 58
Munchlax LV 58

Pokémon Range Millie
Azumarill LV 58
Sharpedo LV 58
Carkol LV 58
Galarian Articuno LV 59

Youngster Harmony
Kingler LV 58
Torterra LV 58
Munna LV 58
Garbodor LV 59

Camper Gill
Lickitung LV 59
Palossand LV 58
Ledian LV 58
Emboar LV 58

Continue west on the lower path, then head through the clearing with the rocks to get to Route 20.

---------------
KANTO ROUTE 20:
---------------
Once you enter the route you’ll battle TR for the last time.
TR Jessie and James
Seviper LV 56 -- Woobat LV 55 -- Frillish LV 55 -- Yanmega LV 57 -- Gourgeist LV 56 -- Wobbuffet LV 60
Mime Jr. LV 54 -- Carnivine LV 57 -- Inkay LV 55 -- Amoonguss LV 57 -- Morpeko LV 55 -- Yamask LV 56

Continue west to get Latias to move aside to let you go into the cave. Inside you’ll have to confront a Pokémon Hunter.
MINOR ICONIC
Cool Trainer ...
Hydreigon LV 63

Then talk to Latios and head back to Pallet Town.

Upon arrival, you’ll hear the full version of the ICONIC first Japanese Pokémon opening. This’ll be the only time it plays in Pallet Town (though as many times as you want before you go elsewhere), so savour it! If you want to hear it again though, here’s the link: https://youtu.be/ZccKUMgLRE8

Once you’ve savoured the moment, talk to Gary who blocks you way to Oak’s lab again, like he did at the start of your journey. Then go upstairs and talk to Prof. Oak. He’ll say a few wise words and then the credits will roll again (except you can skip them this time round). And that’s it, that’s the end of the main story of the game!

*************
* THE END...*
*************
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*************
*... OR NOT.*
*************
------------------------------
POST-GAME CONTENT AND BATTLES:
------------------------------

Now that we've completed all eight regions, there are a TON of rematches that become available. You can find about most of the fights by reading books on the desk in Oak's Lab.

But first, a number of items used to change the forms of legendary Pokémon have popped up around the world, so let’s grab them for ourselves. Note that you will have needed to capture/defeat the legendary Pokémon first, for the item to appear.
Item Quest:
Red Orb and Blue Orb - Route 124, where Groudon and Kyogre were. Used to change Groudon and Kyogre into their respective Primal forms.
DNA Splicers - Icirrus Cave, where Kyurem was. Used to fuse Kyurem with Reshiram or Zekrom.
Zygarde Cube - Terminus Cave, where Zygarde was. Used to change Zygarde’s form and ability (no Zygarde Cells required, fortunately).
Ultranecrozium Z - Ultra Deep Space, where Lusamine was. Used to change Dusk Mane Necrozma or Dawn Wings Necrozma into Ultra Necrozma in battle and use its exclusive Z-move, Light that Burns the Sky.
Reins of Unity - Freezington, where Calyrex was. Used to allow Calyrex to ride on (fuse with) Glastrier or Spectrier.
??? - Talking to Oak with your dex completed! Used to allow *r***s to change forms in battle.

Then let's take the rematches by chronological category:
Side note: Only new Pokémon/Trainers will be highlighted, many existing rematches (mainly characters that showed up again in Journeys) had their levels increased.

---------------------
Set 1: Ash's Friends:
---------------------
NOTE: All of the following battles are repeatable.

1. Misty's rematch -- Cerulean Gym in Kanto.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Misty
Staryu LV 60
Luvdisc LV 55 (Caserin)
Gyarados (Mega) LV 62
Starmie LV 55
Azurill LV 55
Horsea LV 55

2. Brock's rematch -- Pewter Gym in Kanto. He’ll also groom your pokemon when you beat him, before you exit the gym.
ICONIC BATTLE
Breeder Brock
Steelix (Mega) LV 62
Croagunk LV 60
Geodude LV 56
Forretress LV 58
Crobat LV 56
Comfey LV 55

3. Tracey's rematch -- Oak's Corral in Kanto. He’ll be in the SE corner.
ICONIC BATTLE
Watcher Tracy
Venomoth LV 56
Scyther LV 60
Marill LV 57

5. May's rematch -- Goldenrod City in Johto. May is west from the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator May
Blaziken LV 62
Wartortle LV 57
Beautifly LV 58
Venusaur LV 57
Glaceon LV 59
Munchlax LV 56

6. Dawn's rematch -- Eterna City in Sinnoh. Dawn is in the northern part of the city, outside of the contest hall.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Coordinator Dawn
Piplup LV 60
Quilava LV 57
Pachirisu LV 56
Mamoswine LV 60
Togekiss LV 59
Buneary LV 58

7. Iris's rematch -- Opelucid City in Unova. Iris is in the Opelucid Gym, found in the northern part of the city.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Iris
Haxorus LV 75
Emolga LV 72
Dragonite LV 74
Excadrill LV 74
Gible LV 70

8. Cilan's rematch -- Striaton City in Unova. Cilan is near the fountain in the park.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Cilan
Pansage LV 58
Stunfisk LV 54
Crustle LV 60

9. Clemont's rematch -- Lumiose Gym in Kalos.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gym Leader Clemont
Diggersby LV 58
Luxray LV 61
Chespin LV 55
Heliolisk LV 59
Dedenne LV 52
Magneton LV 54

10. Serena's rematch -- Lilycove City in Hoenn. Serena is west from the Contest Hall, SW from the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Serena
Delphox LV 60
Pancham LV 58
Sylveon LV 58

11. Lana's rematch -- Hau'oli City in Alola. Lana is at her house on the docks.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lana
Lapras LV 55
Primarina LV 60
Eevee LV 56 (Sandy)

12. Kiawe's rematch -- Ruins of Life in Alola. Kiawe is at the entrance to the ruins, south of his ranch.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Kiawe
Charizard LV 60
Alolan Marowak LV 62
Turtonator LV 62

13. Mallow's rematch -- Hau'oli City in Alola. Mallow is in her parents' restaurant.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Mallow
Tsareena LV 60

14. Sophocles's rematch -- Pokemon School in Alola. Sophocles is in the western exit next to the healing machine.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sophocles
Togedemaru LV 56
Vikavolt LV 60

15. Lillie's rematch -- Her mansion in Hau’oli City.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Lillie
Alolan Vulpix LV 56 (Snowy)

16. Goh’s rematch -- Cerise Park in Kanto. He’ll be where we’ve always battled him there, at the entrance. He has multiple teams for you to choose from.

Main:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cinderace LV 60
Flygon LV 58
Inteleon LV 60
Scizor LV 58
Grookey LV 20
Raichu LV 56

Bug:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Scizor LV 58
Heracross LV 57
Pinsir LV 57
Beedrill LV 57
Venomoth LV 53
Butterfree LV 53

Water:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Tentacool LV 54
Dewgong LV 56
Inteleon LV 60
Poliwag LV 54
Kingdra LV 57
Mantyke LV 53

Kanto:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cubone LV 54
Aerodactyl LV 59
Farfetch’d LV 57
Voltorb LV 56 (Shiny)
Graveler LV 54
Grimer LV 54

Johto:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Misdreavus LV 55
Drowzee LV 55
Stantler LV 54
Ariados LV 54
Murkrow LV 54
Chinchou LV 54

Hoenn:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Taillow LV 55
Flygon LV 58
Absol LV 58
Sharpedo LV 54
Dustox LV 54
Trapinch LV 54

Sinnoh:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Mantyke LV 53
Goldeen LV 54
Magikarp LV 54
Magikarp LV 60

Unova:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Darmanitan LV 58
Golurk LV 59
Sandile LV 54
Durant LV 55
Ferrothorn LV 56
Panpour LV 56

Kalos:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Binacle LV 53
Floette LV 55
Fletchling LV 53
Phantump LV 54
Camerupt LV 54
Frogadier LV 56

Alola:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Alolan Exeggutor LV 54
Bruxish LV 56
Alolan Geodude LV 54
Passimian LV 54
Pyukumuku LV 57

Galar:
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokémon Trainer Goh
Cinderace LV 60
Arctozolt LV 58
Inteleon LV 60
Boldore LV 57
Alcremie LV 54
Greedent LV 57

-----------------------------------
Set 2: Ash’s Main Rivals / Enemies:
-----------------------------------
1. Gary's Rematch -- Pallet Town in Kanto. He’ll be outside Oak’s Lab.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Gary
Blastoise LV 65
Arcanine LV 60
Electivire LV 62
Nidoqueen LV 59
Umbreon LV 64
Hatterene LV 59

2. TR Rematch -- Viridian Gym in Kanto. You will be asked if you want to fight Jessie, James, or Meowth. Each of the three have different teams (Meowth's "team" is literally just Meowth himself).
ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Jessie
Seviper LV 56
Yanmega LV 57
Gourgeist LV 56
Woobat LV 55
Frillish LV 55
Wobbuffet LV 55

ICONIC BATTLE
TR's James
Mime Jr. LV 54
Carnivine LV 57
Inkay LV 55
Amoonguss LV 57
Morpeko LV 55
Yamask LV 56

ICONIC BATTLE
TR's Meowth
Meowth LV 25

3. Paul's Rematch -- Veilstone City in Sinnoh. He’s outside Reggie’s (the Brave Bird move tutor) house.
ICONIC BATTLE
Rival Paul
Torterra LV 65
Electivire LV 65
Drapion LV 59
Honchkrow LV 62
Ursaring LV 64
Metagross LV 60

4. Barry's rematch -- Twinleaf Town in Sinnoh. 
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Barry
Empoleon LV 58
Staraptor LV 56
Heracross LV 55
Skarmory LV 53
Hitmonlee LV 57
Roserade LV 53

5. Trip's rematch. - Nuvema town in Unova. Trip is in front of the house SE from the Lab.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Trip
Serperior LV 55
Tranquill LV 50
Conkeldurr LV 52
Vanillite LV 50
Frillish LV 50
Lampent LV 50

6. Alain's rematch -- Prof. Sycamore’s Lab in Kalos.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Alain
Charizard LV 70 (Mega X)
Metagross LV 64
Bisharp LV 64
Tyranitar LV 64
Weavile LV 64
Chesnaught LV 64

7. Sawyer's rematch -- Lumiose City in Kalos. Sawyer is in the Lysandre Café.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Sawyer
Sceptile (Mega) LV 58
Slurpuff LV 55
Clawitzer LV 55
Salamence LV 56
Aegislash LV 57
Slaking LV 56

8. Gladion's rematch -- Lillie’s mansion in Hau’oli City.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Gladion
Umbreon LV 60
Lycanroc-Night LV 63
Silvally LV 65
Zoroark LV 60
Nihilego LV 60 (Shiny; Lillie)

9. Hau's rematch -- Tapu Village in Alola. Hau is next to the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Trainer Hau
Decidueye LV 54
Alolan Raichu LV 52

--------------------
Set 3: Other Rivals:
--------------------
1. Ritchie's rematch -- Vermilion City in Kanto. Ritchie is at the docks.
ICONIC BATTLE
Picnicker Ritchie
Charmeleon LV 50 (Zippo)
Pupitar LV 50 (Cruise)
Taillow LV 50 (Rose)
Butterfree LV 50 (Happy)
Pikachu LV 51 (Sparky)

2. Harrison's rematch -- Indigo Plateau in Kanto. Harrison is in the league gate.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Harrison
Kecleon LV 47
Hypno LV 50
Houndoom LV 53
Steelix LV 50
Sneasel LV 48
Blaziken LV 61

3. Morrison's rematch -- Verdanturf Town in Hoenn. Morrison is slightly southeast of the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Black Belt Morrison
Metang LV 55
Gligar LV 52
Steelix LV 52
Girafarig LV 52
Growlithe LV 52
Swampert LV 52

4. Tyson's rematch -- Mauville City in Hoenn. Tyson is next to the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tyson
Meowth LV 55
Metagross LV 53
Donphan LV 53
Shiftry LV 53
Hariyama LV 53
Sceptile LV 53

5. Nando's rematch -- Floaroma Town in Sinnoh. Nando is next to the Contest Hall.
ICONIC BATTLE
Gentleman Nando
Roserade LV 55
Kricketune LV 54
Armaldo LV 51
Sunflora LV 53
Lopunny LV 52
Altaria LV 51

6. Tobias's rematch -- Sunnyshore City in Sinnoh. Tobias is northeast of the shop that sells evolution stones.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tobias
Darkrai LV 64
Latios LV 64

7. Virgil's rematch -- Opelucid City in Unova. Virgil is west of the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Pokemon Ranger Virgil
Umbreon LV 54
Vaporeon LV 53
Eevee LV 55
Glaceon LV 50
Flareon LV 53
Jolteon LV 53

8. Stephan's rematch -- Nimbasa City in Unova. He is slightly northwest of the Pokemon Centre.
ICONIC BATTLE
Zebstrika LV 54
Liepard LV 50
Sawk LV 55

9. Cameron's rematch -- Virbank City in Unova. Cameron's in the SW corner of the city, next to the water.
ICONIC BATTLE
Lucario LV 50
Ferrothorn LV 50
Samurott LV 50
Hydreigon LV 50
Swanna LV 50
Watchog LV 50

10. Bianca's rematch -- Nuvema Town in Unova. She's standing outside the SW building (near the Blimp station).
ICONIC BATTLE
Lass Bianca
Emboar LV 55
Minccino LV 53
Escavalier LV 51

11. Tierno's rematch -- Lumiose City in Kalos. Tierno is next to the league building, practising his dance moves.
ICONIC BATTLE
Cool Trainer Tierno
Blastoise LV 55
Raichu LV 54
Politoed LV 51
Ludicolo LV 54
Hitmontop LV 51

12. Kukui's rematch -- Inside his lab on Route 1 of Alola.
ICONIC BATTLE
Professor Kukui
Incineroar LV 64
Empoleon LV 61
Lucario LV 61
Braviary LV 62
Venusaur LV 61

13. Doug’s final battle -- Area 1 of the Wild Area.
Bug Catcher Doug
Beedrill LV 75 (Mega)
Armaldo LV 70
Ribombee LV 70
Paras LV 70
Galvantula LV 70
Orbeetle LV 70 (G-Max)

Once you beat him he’ll offer you a LV 15 Beedrill that holds a Honey and knows the moves Skull Bash, Reflect, Mimic and Substitute.

OK, that's all the rematch battles with people Ash knows rather well -- what's next? Remember that you were forced to “lose” in the Leagues like Ash did? We can now go back and rechallenge the Indigo League and win it this time!
INDIGO LEAGUE REMATCH:
To get started, we can talk to the woman to the left of the entrance, who lets you enter the league. Unlike last time, you can now do the stages in any order you’d like, so let’s go from right to left, starting with the Rock stage.
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Tamer Matt (3v3)
Rapidash LV 90
Poliwrath LV 90
Nidoking LV 90

Next is the Ice stage:
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Tamer Pete (3v3)
Rhyperior LV 90
Arcanine LV 90
Cloyster LV 90

After that is the Water stage:
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Juggler Mandi (3v3)
Exeggutor LV 90
Kingdra LV 90
Crobat LV 90

And last is the Grass stage:
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Aroma Lady Jeanette (3v3)
Beedrill LV 90
Scizor LV 90
Bellsprout LV 90

Next are the battles in the Indigo Stadium, on the far left, starting with Ritchie (who Ash lost to):
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Picnicker Ritchie (3v3)
Butterfree LV 93 (Happy)
Pikachu LV 94 (Sparky)
Charmeleon LV 93 (Zippo)

Next is the trainer Richie lost to:
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Cool Trainer Assunta (3v3)
Rhyperior LV 94
Venomoth LV 94
Venusaur LV 95

Next is Harrison (since he mentioned he was going to challenge the Indigo League after losing in the semifinals in the Johto League):
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Kecleon LV 95
Sneasel LV 96
Hypno LV 96
Steelix LV 97
Houndoom LV 97
Blaziken LV 98

And last is Gary (since they never got to battle in the Indigo League):
ICONIC LEAGUE BATTLE
Nidoqueen LV 97
Hatterene LV 97
Arcanine LV 98
Electivire LV 98
Umbreon LV 99
Blastoise LV 100

And that’s how you win the Indigo League! Beating it also gives you another opportunity to catch Mewtwo, Articuno, Zapdos and Moltres, but ONLY if you failed to catch them before (e.g. if you didn’t know you had to catch Mewtwo in the Viridian Gym). The 3 birds will be where they were before, whereas Mewtwo will be on Route 4, in the area behind the fence, east of the entrance leading to the Battle Factory (it’s as close to it as we could get to Cerulean Cave).

The Pokémon that you select in any of the league battles will have the Indigo Ribbon on them after that battle.

I also heard a rumour that the other leagues will be added eventually, so stay tuned!

Next, we go to Driftveil City, in Unova, for even more rematches!

---------------
DRIFTVEIL CITY:
---------------
There's a series of houses (Battle House) in the southern part of the city that you couldn't enter before. Well, now they're open!

So, what's inside? Battles. Lots and lots of battles. 53 battles in total, against all the Gym Leaders.

There are 18 coloured squares on the floor, corresponding to the 18 types, and around each of them are Gym Leaders that use that type.

You will also find Ryuki, the Kantonian Gym Leader from Alola standing outside. Apparently, they didn't have room for him inside.
Gym Leader Ryuki (Double Battle)
Zweilous LV 56
Druddigon LV 56

Top row:
Rock type --	  Brock, hailing from Pewter City in Kanto!
		    Steelix LV 62 (Mega)
		    Ludicolo LV 56
		    Marshtomp LV 55
		    Sudowoodo LV 60
		    Geodude LV 56
		    Blissey LV 58

            	  Roxanne, hailing from Rustboro City in Hoenn!
		    Geodude LV 53
		    Nosepass LV 57

             	  Roark, hailing from Oreburgh City in Sinnoh!
		    Onix LV 55
		    Rampardos LV 59
		    Geodude LV 54

             	  Grant, hailing from Cyllage City in Kalos!
		    Onix LV 55
		    Tyrunt LV 57

Water type -- 	  Misty, hailing from Cerulean City in Kanto!
	     	    Goldeen LV 57
             	    Clauncher LV 58
	     	    Gyarados LV 62 (Mega)
	     	    Psyduck LV 59
	     	    Politoed LV 59
	     	    Corsola LV 60

             	  Juan, hailing from Sootopolis City in Hoenn!
             	    Sealeo LV 54
             	    Seaking LV 54
             	    Whiscash LV 55
	     	    Milotic LV 57
	     	    Tentacruel LV 50
	     	    Luvdisc LV 53

              	  Crasher Wake, hailing from Pastoria City in Sinnoh!
	      	    Gyarados LV 54
	      	    Floatzel LV 57
	      	    Quagsire LV 54
              
	      	  and below those:	                    
	      	  Cress, hailing from Striaton City in Unova!
              	    Panpour LV 60

	      	  Marlon, hailing from Humilau City... who you haven't actually fought yet.
	      	    Wailord LV 50
	      	    Jellicent LV 56
	      	    Mantine LV 57

Electric type --  Lt. Surge, hailing from Vermilion City in Kanto!
		    Raichu LV 60

                  Wattson, hailing from Mauville City in Hoenn!
		    Magnemite LV 53
		    Manectric LV 57
		    Magneton LV 53
		    Voltorb LV 53

                  Volkner, hailing from Sunnyshore City in Sinnoh!
		    Raichu LV 58                 
		    Jolteon LV 58
		    Rotom (Fan) LV 58
		    Electivire LV 60
		    Luxray LV 60

		  and below those:
                  Elesa, hailing from Nimbasa City in Unova!
		    Zebstrika LV 57             
		    Emolga LV 55
		    Tynamo LV 59

		  Clemont, hailing from Lumiose City in Kalos!
		    Diggersby LV 58
		    Dedenne LV 52
		    Heliolisk LV 59
		    Magneton LV 54
		    Magnemite LV 54
		    Luxray LV 61

Grass type -- 	  Erika, hailing from Celadon City in Kanto!
		    Weepinbell LV 53
		    Tangela LV 55
		    Exeggcute LV 50
		    Gloom LV 53
		    Leafeon LV 55
		    Victreebel LV 50

              	  Gardenia, hailing from Eterna City in Sinnoh!
		    Cherubi LV 55
		    Turtwig LV 56
		    Roserade LV 57
		    Cacnea LV 54
		    Bellossom LV 50
		    Vileplume LV 50

              	  Cilan, hailing from Striaton City in Unova!
		    Pansage LV 58
		    Crustle LV 60
		    Stunfisk LV 54

              	  Ramos, hailing from Coumarine City in Kalos!
		    Jumpluff LV 55
		    Weepinbell LV 57
		    Gogoat LV 57
		    Sunflora LV 50
		    Exeggutor LV 50
                    Vileplume LV 50

Poison type -- 	  Koga, hailing from Fuchsia City in Kanto!
		    Venomoth LV 56
		    Scyther LV 54
		    Golbat LV 57
		    Voltorb LV 50

               	  Roxie, hailing from Virbank City in Unova!
		    Koffing LV 57
		    Garbodor LV 58
		    Scolipede LV 57

Psychic type --   Sabrina, hailing from Saffron City in Kanto!
		    Kadabra LV 58
		    Haunter LV 53

                  Tate and Liza (double battle), hailing from Mossdeep City in Hoenn!
		    Solrock LV 59
		    Lunatone LV 59
		    Baltoy LV 50 x2

               	  Olympia (Double Battle), hailing from Anistar City in Kalos!
		    Meowstic LV 60 (Male)
		    Meowstic LV 60 (Female)

Fire type -- 	  Blaine, hailing from Cinnabar Island in Kanto!
             	    Ninetales LV 55
		    Rhydon LV 54
		    Magmar LV 58

		  Flannery, hailing from Lavaridge Town in Hoenn!
		    Magcargo LV 56 (Mag)
		    Slugma LV 55 (Meg)
		    Torkoal LV 57

             	  Chili, hailing from Striaton City in Unova!
		    Pansear LV 60

Ground type --    Giovanni, hailing from Viridian City in Kanto! (Technically, though you never actually fought him there.)
		    Persian LV 60
		    Golem LV 55
		    Machamp LV 55
		    Rhydon LV 55
		    Kingler LV 55
		    Cloyster LV 55

               	  Clay, hailing from... Driftveil City in Unova? Wow, this guy had an easy commute, didn't he?
                    Krokorok LV 56
		    Excadrill LV 58
		    Palpitoad LV 55

Flying type -- 	  Falkner, hailing from Violet City in Johto!
	       	    Hoothoot LV 54
	       	    Dodrio LV 56
	       	    Pidgeot LV 57
               
               	  Winona, hailing from Fortree City in Hoenn!
	       	    Skarmory LV 53
	       	    Pelipper LV 55
	       	    Swellow LV 57 (Shiny)
	       	    Altaria LV 55
 
              	  Skyla, hailing from Mistralton City in Unova!
	       	    Swoobat LV 56
	       	    Unfezant LV 56
	       	    Swanna LV 57

Bottom row:
Bug type -- 	  Bugsy, hailing from Azalea town in Johto!
	    	    Spinarak LV 54
	    	    Scyther LV 58
	    	    Metapod LV 54
	    	    Caterpie LV 50
	    	    Weedle LV 50
	    	    Metapod LV 50
	    
            	  Burgh, hailing from Castelia City in Unova!
	    	    Dwebble LV 55
	    	    Whirlipede LV 55
	    	    Leavanny LV 57
	    	    Sewaddle LV 50

            	  Viola, hailing from Santalune City in Kalos!
	    	    Surskit LV 56
	    	    Vivillon LV 57

Normal type --    Whitney, hailing from Goldenrod City in Johto!
		    Clefairy LV 53
		    Nidorina LV 53
		    Miltank LV 59

               	  Norman, hailing from Petalburg City in Hoenn!
		    Slakoth LV 54
		    Vigoroth LV 55
		    Slaking LV 59

		  Lenora, hailing from Nacrene City in Unova!
		    Lillipup LV 55
		    Watchog LV 57
		    Herdier LV 55

               	  Cheren, hailing from Aspertia City in Unova! Technically not an official Gym Leader yet!
		    Herdier LV 60

Ghost type -- 	  Morty, hailing from Ecruteak City in Johto!
	      	    Gastly LV 53
	      	    Gengar LV 57
	      	    Haunter LV 55

              	  Fantina, hailing from Hearthome City in Sinnoh!
	      	    Gengar LV 56
	      	    Mismagius LV 56
	      	    Drifblim LV 59

              	  Allister, hailing from Stow-on-Side in Galar!
	      	    Cursola LV 60

Fighting type --  Chuck, hailing from Cianwood City in Johto!
		    Poliwrath LV 57
		    Machoke LV 58

                  Brawly, hailing from Dewford Town in Hoenn!
		    Machop LV 53
		    Hariyama LV 57

                  Maylene, hailing from Veilstone City in Sinnoh!
		    Meditite LV 56
		    Machoke LV 56
	            Lucario LV 58

                  Korrina, hailing from Shalour City in Kalos!
		    Mienshao LV 57
		    Machoke LV 57
		    Lucario LV 59 (Mega)

                  Bea, hailing from Stow-on-Side in Galar!
		    Grapploct LV 65
		    Hawlucha LV 64
		    Machamp LV 65 (G-Max)
		    Pangoro LV 60
		    Falinks LV 60
		    Hitmontop LV 64

Steel type -- 	  Jasmine, hailing from Olivine City in Johto!
	      	    Magnemite LV 55
	      	    Steelix LV 57
	            Ampharos LV 50 (Amphy)

              	  Byron, hailing from Canalave City in Sinnoh!
	      	    Bronzor LV 55
	      	    Steelix LV 55
	      	    Bastiodon LV 57
	      	    Omastar LV 50
	      	    Armaldo LV 50
	      	    Cradily LV 50

Ice type -- 	  Pryce, hailing from Mahogany Town in Johto!
	    	    Dewgong LV 55
	    	    Piloswine LV 57
	    	    Seel LV 50
	    	    Dewgong LV 50
	    	    Shellder LV 50
	    	    Lapras LV 50
            	
   		  Candice, hailing from Snowpoint City in Sinnoh!
	    	    Sneasel LV 55
	    	    Snover LV 55
	    	    Abomasnow LV 57
	    	    Medicham LV 55
	    	    Dodrio LV 50

            	  Brycen, hailing from Icirrus City in Unova!
	    	    Vanillish LV 55
	    	    Beartic LV 57
	    	    Cryogonal LV 55

            	  Wulfric, hailing from Snowbelle City in Kalos!
	    	    Bergmite LV 53
	    	    Avalugg LV 58
	    	    Abomasnow LV 59 (Mega)
	    	    Bergmite LV 50

Dragon type --    Clair, hailing from Blackthorn City in Johto!
		    Kingdra LV 55
		    Druddigon LV 57 (Shiny)
		    Gyarados LV 55
		    Dragonair LV 57
		    Dragonite LV 55

               	  Drayden, hailing from Opelucid City in Unova!
		    Haxorus LV 59
		    Druddigon LV 57
		    Axew LV 50

Dark type -- 	  Piers, hailing from Spikemuth in Galar!
		    Obstagoon LV 60

Fairy type -- 	  Valerie, hailing from Laverre City in Kalos!
		    Spritzee LV 57
		    Sylveon LV 55
		    Mr. Mime LV 50
		    Mawile LV 50

               	  Opal, hailing from Ballonlea!
		    Alcremie LV 63 (G-Max)
		    Alcremie LV 60 x5 (Different Forms)

The smaller building next to it has another set of rematches, with the various Champions and other notable members that you've met over the course of your journey.

The first two rows are the Regional Champions. Left to right, you have:

Lance, Elite Four member and current Dual Champion of Kanto and Johto!
Hydreigon LV 72
Dragonite LV 75 (D-Max)
Gyarados LV 75 (Shiny)

Wallace, First Champion of Hoenn!
Milotic LV 75
Walrein LV 70
Swampert LV 71

Steven, Second Champion of Hoenn!
Aron LV 70
Metagross LV 75 (Mega; Shiny)
Aggron LV 74
Cradily LV 74

Cynthia, Champion of Sinnoh!
Garchomp LV 75 (Mega)
Gastrodon LV 74
Milotic LV 74
Spiritomb LV 74
Togekiss LV 74 (D-Max)
Roserade LV 74

Alder, First Champion of Unova!
Bouffalant LV 73

Iris, Second Champion of Unova!
Haxorus LV 75
Excadrill LV 74
Emolga LV 72
Dragonite LV 74
Gible LV 70

Diantha, Champion of Kalos!
Gardevoir LV 75 (Mega)
Gourgeist LV 73
Tyrantrum LV 71
Aurorus LV 73
Goodra LV 72
Hawlucha LV 71

Then there’s a spot for you, Champion of Alola and Monarch!

Last but certainly not least, Leon, Champion of Galar!
Dragapult LV 80
Charizard LV 85 (G-Max)
Rillaboom LV 80
Mr. Rime LV 80
Cinderace LV 80
Inteleon LV 80

The third row are the seven Kanto Frontier Brains. From left to right they are:
Factory Head Noland
Machamp LV 60
Rhyhorn LV 60
Camerupt LV 60
Manectric LV 60
Lairon LV 60
Articuno LV 65

Arena Tycoon Greta
Hariyama LV 64
Medicham LV 66

Dome Ace Tucker (Double Battle)
Swampert LV 64
Arcanine LV 64

Pyramid King Brandon
Dusclops LV 70
Regice LV 80
Solrock LV 70
Ninjask LV 70
Regirock LV 80
Registeel LV 80

Pike Queen Lucy
Seviper LV 64
Milotic LV 64

Palace Maven Spencer
Venusaur LV 63
Chansey LV 60
Shiftry LV 63
Claydol LV 63

Salon Maiden Anabel
Alakazam LV 65
Espeon LV 65
Metagross LV 65

The fourth row have various Elite Four members, from left to right they are:
Elite Four Lucian, from Sinnoh
Bronzong LV 62
Girafarig LV 61

Elite Four Caitlin, from Unova
Gothitelle LV 65

Elite Four Malva, from Kalos
Houndoom LV 65 (Mega)

Elite Four Siebold, from Kalos
Blastoise LV 65 (Mega)

Elite Four Wikstrom, from Kalos
Scizor LV 64 (Mega)
Aegislash LV 63
Probopass LV 62
Escavalier LV 62
Dedenne LV 60
Klefki LV 60

Elite Four Drasna, from Kalos
Noivern LV 64
Dragalge LV 60
Druddigon LV 60
Altaria LV 65 (Mega)

The fifth row has yet more Elite Four members. Left to right they are:
Elite Four Lorelei, From Kanto
Slowbro LV 61
Cloyster LV 64
Dewgong LV 61
Jynx LV 61

Elite Four Bruno, from Kanto
Hitmonchan LV 61
Onix LV 63

Elite Four Agatha, from Kanto
Gengar LV 65
Golbat LV 61

Elite Four Drake, from Hoenn
Shelgon LV 61
Altaria LV 61
Salamence LV 64

Elite Four Aaron, from Sinnoh
Beautifly LV 63
Skorupi LV 60
Drapion LV 61
Vespiquen LV 61

Elite Four Bertha, from Sinnoh
Gliscor LV 62
Golem LV 62
Hippowdon LV 64

Elite Four Flint, from Sinnoh
Infernape LV 65

The sixth row is the Orange Crew. From left to right, there are:
Gym Leader Cissy
Seadra LV 56
Blastoise LV 57

Gym Leader Danny
Nidoqueen LV 58
Machoke LV 56
Scyther LV 56
Geodude LV 56
Electrode LV 58

Orange Crew Champion Drake
Ditto LV 60
Onix LV 60
Electabuzz LV 60
Dragonite LV 65
Venusaur LV 60
Gengar LV 60

Gym Leader Rudy
Electabuzz LV 57
Exeggutor LV 57
Starmie LV 57
Hitmonchan LV 50
Venomoth LV 50
Ninetales LV 50

Gym Leader Luana (Double Battle)
Alakazam LV 58
Marowak LV 58

You're done with that building, but there's a smaller building to the right of that one as well, holding the Island Kahunas of the Alola Region.
Bottom Left: Island Kahuna Nanu
Krookodile LV 64
Sableye LV 62
Alolan Persian LV 64
Alolan Meowth LV 55

Bottom Right: Island Kahuna Hapu
Golurk LV 56
Mudsdale LV 57

Top Left: Island Kahuna Hala
Crabominable LV 62
Hariyama LV 64

Top Right: Island Kahuna Olivia
Lycanroc-Day LV 64
Probopass LV 63

There's a healer and a PC right in each house, so you can fight to your heart's content.

OK, so what now? Well, believe it or not, there is yet ANOTHER set of bonus battles! To access it, go to Oak's Lab in Pallet Town and check the machine that has appeared in the SW corner of Oak's upstairs room. Here, you can fight Pokedex Holders, which are basically the heroes of the Pokemon Adventures manga. You always end up in some game location with the opponent. The locations look like normal places you've been to (or places you're going to visit in the future) but they are actually separate dimensions and you can't exit them in any way except the portal that will return you back to Prof. Oak’s lab.

The Pokedex Holders are:

Gen 1:
Red, the Fighter, in Pallet Town
Poliwrath (Poli) LV 90
Aerodactyl (Aero) LV 90
Gyarados (Gyara) LV 90
Venusaur (Saur) LV 90 (Mega)
Pikachu (Pika) LV 90
Snorlax (Snor) LV 90

Blue, the Trainer, in Viridian Gym
Scizor LV 90
Golduck LV 90
Charizard LV 90 (Mega Y) 
Rhyperior LV 90
Machamp LV 90
Porygon2 LV 90

Green, the Evolver, at Indigo Plateau
Wigglytuff (Jiggly) LV 90
Blastoise (Blasty) LV 90 (Mega)
Granbull LV 90
Nidoqueen (Nido) LV 90
Ditto (Ditty) LV 90
Clefable (Clefy) LV 90

Yellow, the Healer, in Viridian Forest
Raticate (Ratty) LV 90
Golem (Gravvy) LV 90
Pikachu (Chuchu) LV 90
Omastar (Omny) LV 90
Dodrio (Dody) LV 90
Butterfree (Kitty) LV 90

Gen 2:
Gold, the Hatcher, in New Bark Town
Ambipom (Aibo) LV 90
Sunflora (Sunbo) LV 90
Politoed (Polibo) LV 90
Typhlosion (Exbo) LV 90 
Togekiss (Togebo) LV 90
Pichu (Pibu) LV 90

Silver, the Exchanger, in Viridian City
Weavile LV 90
Kingdra LV 90
Feraligatr LV 90
Ursaring LV 90
Honchkrow LV 90
Gyarados LV 90 (Shiny)

Crystal, the Catcher, in Ecruteak City
Arcanine (Archy) LV 90
Cubone (Bonee) LV 90
Meganium (Megaree) LV 90
Hitmonchan (Monlee) LV 90
Xatu (Natee) LV 90
Parasect (Parasee) LV 90

Gen 3:
Ruby, the Charmer, in Slateport City
Mightyena (Nana) LV 90
Swampert (Mumu) LV 90 (Mega)
Milotic (Feefee) LV 90
Gardevoir (Rara) LV 90 (Mega)
Delcatty (Kiki) LV 90
Castform (Fofo) LV 90

Sapphire, the Conqueror, in Littleroot Town
Aggron (Rono) LV 90
Donphan (Phando) LV 90
Tropius (Troppy) LV 90
Blaziken (Chic) LV 90 (Mega)
Wailord (Lorry) LV 90
Gallade (Kirly) LV 90 (Mega)

Emerald, the Calmer, in Battle Tower
Sceptile LV 90 (Mega)
Sudowoodo LV 90
Dusclops LV 90
Snorlax LV 90
Mr. Mime LV 90
Mantine LV 90

Gen 4:
Diamond, the Empathizer, on Iron Island
Munchlax (Lax) LV 90
Regigigas (Reg) LV 90
Bastiodon (Don) LV 90
Torterra (Tru) LV 90
Lickilicky (Kit) LV 90
Rotom LV 90

Pearl, the Determiner, in Pastoria City
Chatot (Chatler) LV 90
Infernape (Chimler) LV 90
Buizel (Zeller) LV 90
Luxray (Rayler) LV 90
Diglett (Digler) LV 90
Tauros (Tauler) LV 90

Platinum, the Understander, on Mt. Coronet
Rapidash LV 90
Lopunny LV 90
Empoleon LV 90
Froslass LV 90
Cherrim LV 90
Pachirisu LV 90

Gen 5:
Black, the Dreamer, at Unova Pokemon League
Braviary (Brav) LV 90
Emboar (Bo) LV 90
Galvantula (Tula) LV 90
Carracosta (Costa) LV 90
Musharna (Musha) LV 90

White, the Dreamer, in Nimbasa City
Serperior (Amanda) LV 90
Stunfisk (Dorothy) LV 90
Duosion (Solly) LV 90
Vullaby (Barbara) LV 90
Deerling (Darlene) LV 90
Alomomola (Nancy) LV 90

Blake, the Arrester, in Virbank City
Dewott LV 90
Genesect LV 90
Keldeo (Kelden) LV 90
Gliscor (Glisott) LV 90
Kabutops (Kabutott) LV 90
Escavalier LV 90

Whitley, the Liberator, in Aspertia City
Foongus (Foongy) LV 90
Accelgor LV 90

Gen 6:
X, the Loner, in Geosenge Town
Chesnaught (Marisso) LV 90
Charizard (Salme) LV 90 (Mega)
Manectric (Elec) LV 90 (Mega)
Pinsir (Rute) LV 90 (Mega)
Kangaskhan (Kanga & Lil Kanga) LV 90 (Mega)
Gengar (Garma) LV 90 (Mega)

Y, the Flyer, in Shalour City
Fletchinder (Fletchy) LV 90
Sylveon (Veevee) LV 90
Absol (Solsol) LV 90 (Mega)
Greninja (Croaky) LV 90
Rhyhorn (Rhyrhy) LV 90

Gen 7:
Sun, the Saver, in Iki Town
Alolan Meowth (Cent) LV 90
Wishiwashi (Quarter) LV 90
Incineroar (Dollar) LV 90
Mimikyu (Penny) LV 90
Crabominable (Dong) LV 90
Stakataka (Lei) LV 90

Moon, the Mixer, in Aether Paradise
Charjabug LV 90
Mareanie LV 90
Alolan Muk LV 90
Decidueye LV 90

Gen 8:
Henry, on the Tower Summit. He can Dynamax his Sirfetch’d, Rillaboom or Oranguru, but will Dynamax his Sirfetch’d most of the time.
Sirfetch’d LV 90 (Lancelot)
Gurdurr LV 90 (Steeler)
Oranguru LV 90 (Fanguru)
Urshifu LV 90 (Rapid Strike)
Rillaboom LV 90 (Twiggy)
Mr. Rime LV 90 (Sutekkin)

Casey, in Slumbering Wield
Arrokuda LV 90 (Kilo)
Toxtricity LV 90 (Tera, G-Max)
Falinks LV 90 (Giga)
Eiscue LV 90 (Peta)
Cinderace LV 90 (Bit)
Galarian Stunfisk LV 90 (Mega - that's its nickname!)

23 battles in total. After you exit the alternate dimension through the portal, you can come back and fight the champion again.

In addition, there’s another teleporter in the SE corner of the lab, which leads to a new area, the Grandeur Club. There’s so much content and strategy in it that it deserves its own separate guide, rather than being tagged onto the end of the walkthrough.

And we're done with the repeatable battles! Well done for making it all the way through that... or you would be, if there wasn't one section left. The secret, ULTIMATE championship battles. In these you'll face down Ash Ketchum's various teams, each at the outrageously high level of 85. The teams are as follows.

CHAMPION ASH (Kanto)
Pikachu LV 85
Butterfree LV 85
Pidgeot LV 85
Bulbasaur LV 85
Charizard LV 85
Squirtle LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Kanto 2)
Kingler LV 85
Primeape LV 85
Muk LV 85
Tauros LV 85
Lapras LV 85
Snorlax LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Kanto 3/Johto 2)
Raticate LV 85
Mr. Mime LV 85 (Mimey)
Beedrill LV 85
Seaking LV 85
Larvitar LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Johto)
Heracross LV 85
Bayleef LV 85
Quilava LV 85
Totodile LV 85
Noctowl LV 85 (Shiny)
Donphan LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Hoenn)
Swellow LV 85
Sceptile LV 85
Corphish LV 85
Torkoal LV 85
Glalie LV 85
Aipom LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Sinnoh)
Staraptor LV 85
Torterra LV 85
Infernape LV 85
Buizel LV 85
Gliscor LV 85
Gible LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Unova 1)
Oshawott LV 85
Pignite LV 85
Snivy LV 85
Scraggy LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Unova 2)
Unfezant LV 85
Leavanny LV 85
Palpitoad LV 85
Boldore LV 85
Krookodile LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Kalos)
Greninja LV 85 (Ash-Greninja)
Talonflame LV 85
Hawlucha LV 85
Goodra LV 85
Noivern LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Alola)
Rowlet LV 85
Lycanroc LV 85
Incineroar LV 85
Solgaleo LV 85
Naganadel LV 85
Melmetal LV 85

CHAMPION ASH (Galar)
Dragonite LV 85
Gengar LV 85
Lucario LV 85 (Mega)
Sirfetch’d LV 85
Dracovish LV 85

Please note that contrary to the rest of this walkthrough, the locations for these battles will NOT be given. These are easter eggs for you to find on your own. It took us weeks before we finally found it, and all we can say is that it can be very frustrating. 

Just remember that if you get too mad or frustrated, it almost always helps to sleep on it and come back later. :)

******************************
THE END... FOR REAL THIS TIME.
******************************
